:D
Doh!
Doh.
Bad.
Doh!
Wow!
Damn.
Cool.
Damn.
Damn !
fuck u
Weird.
Weird.
Weird.
Weird.
Enjoy!
Sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
sorry.
Sorry.
sorry.
sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
i suck.
Damn...
Damn...
My bad.
My bad.
My bad.
My bad.
My bad.
My bad.
My bad.
My bad.
My bad.
My bad.
My bad.
My bad.
My bad.
My bad!
My bad.
My bad.
My bad.
Bad IE.
Damn...
My bad.
My Bad.
Cheers!
Thanks!
Thanks!
*sorry*
Oh, ok.
Damn it.
Awesome!
It's OK.
sorry :)
Damn it !
My bad...
Damn it !
Last try.
sorry....
No sorry.
Sorry ;-)
My error.
HOLY SHIT!
Very cool.
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you.
I misread.
I'm sorry.
Oh, sorry.
Sorry guys
Well, damn.
Bad memory.
Damn maven!
This sucks.
Thanks Uwe!
Looks good.
Thanks Tom!
Thanks Tom!
Thanks Tom.
Thanks, Tom
Yes, sorry.
Brain fart.
Stupid Maven
This is bad.
ah - my bad.
Yep, my bad.
This is bad.
it's my bad.
Ah, too bad.
Not pretty. 
That is bad.
Sounds good.
Thanks Koji!
Thanks Tony.
Thanks Ilya.
Thanks Karl.
Thanks Ravi.
Thanks Hari!
Thanks Ivan.
Thanks Andi.
Sorry again!
Sorry ;-) +1
I'm an idiot.
I'm confused.
I'm confused.
I'm an idiot.
Fix bad patch
That's weird.
That's weird.
Thanks Bryan!
Thanks, Jeff!
Thanks, Owen!
thanks Tomas!
Thanks Laura.
Thanks,Arvind
Thanks Jimmy.
Thanks, Ravi!
Thanks Sandy.
Thanks a lot!
Thanks,Mayank
Thanks,Mayank
Thanks, Mike!
Thanks Sijie.
Thanks, Jing!
Thanks Brock!
thanks henry!
Thanks Elena.
Thanks Suresh
Thanks, Amar!
Sorry to nag.
Tabs are evil.
Damn dyslexia!
Kind of sucks.
This is weird.
How bad is it?
That's my bad.
Hi, very cool!
Thanks, Daryn!
Thanks Ashish!
Thanks Kathey.
Thanks, Myrna.
thanks,nandana
Thanks Suresh.
Thanks Oliver.
Thanks Thomas!
A pleasure :>.
Thanks Dianne!
Thanks Stepan.
Sorry , fixed.
Whoops, sorry.
Bloody hell !!!
What the hell?!
Oh, my stupid:)
Does this suck?
-1 to jar hell.
Hey very cool. 
Thanks Galder:)
Thanks, Sanjay!
Thanks, Dhruba!
Thanks, Sravya!
Thanks, Alexei!
Thanks Karthik.
Thank you Jing.
Thank you Ravi.
+1, thanks Tom!
Thanks, Joseph!
Thanks Martina.
Thanks, JinJie!
Thanks, Oliver!
Thanks Hairong!
I'm very sorry.
Brandon, sorry.
Ignore comment.
Sorry for that.
sorry for delay
Sorry everyone.
Sorry for that.
Hmm, that sucks.
This was my bad.
That would suck.
Hudson is stuck.
Code looks cool.
This is awesome!
Thanks, Ashish! 
Thank you, guys!
Thank you, Ivan!
thanks again Uwe
Cheers,Ashwin...
This was my bad.
Both equally bad.
Well, that sucks.
*Damn*, I forgot.
This sucks badly.
(How bad is this?
Well, that sucks.
Oopps, bad move !
Cool, looks good.
cool, no worries.
Thanks Christian.
Sorry about that.
Sorry about that.
Sorry about that.
Sorry about that.
Oh, signed shift!
sorry about this.
Here is quite bad.
This really sucks!
Here is quite bad.
Thanks once again.
Thanks Alejandro .
Thank you Brandon.
durrrh, that sucks.
Hell or high water.
durrrh, that sucks.
Awesome discussion.
great, thanks Joel.
Many thanks, Neeme.
Best regards,Andrew
Thanks a lot Subin.
Sorry about that...
Grumble, grumble...
Resolving again....
Sorry, missed this.
+1 for this: my bad.
Ie, both at are bad.
<gmcdonald> , my bad
Ah, that was my bad.
I really don't care.
Stupid user error :)
This looks safe also
v2 Looks good to me.
Nice feature, lars!!
Best regards, Andrew
Best regards,Richard
Best regards,Richard
This is a silly one.
Sorry for the delay.
:) Sorry about that.
sorry for your time.
Sorry for the delay.
Sorry for the noise.
Sorry for the noise.
Sorry for the noise.
Sorry for the noise.
Sorry, you're right.
Ugh, well that sucks.
Damn, Chuck is scary.
The food is very bad.
Damn, Chuck is scary.
The patch looks good.
897392 Thanks Sharan!
This is quality work.
Regex is your friend.
Tests no longer sleep
yup sorry just fixed.
Sorry for the noise..
I missed the context.
Sorry for the hassle.
Damn time has flown...
Shit, I missed a cast.
This looks good to me.
looks fine, thank you.
Thanks in advance Jens
Sorry for the mistake.
Ugh, sorry :(  Thanks!
sorry.. redeploy patch
Sorry for the trouble.
This sucks *so much*...
This is pretty trivial.
That's pretty unlikely.
Awesome stuff Stephen! 
Patch looks good to me.
Thanks for the help BJ!
:) Best regards,Fabian.
Git is tricky that way.
Sorry about the report.
oh ...geez I'm an idiot.
[~cmccabe]: oh, hell no!
Awesome, you rock, Drew!
Jonathan: over to you :)
Cool. sounds good to me.
Thanks for the reviews..
Sorry, should ask first.
Sorry about the trouble.
Aaron, sorry about this.
once per every bad disk).
How on earth is it buggy?
Cool cool - thanks stack!
Version 2.2.0RC3 is fine.
Sounds alike a good idea.
Looks good, thanks Laura!
Sounds alike a good idea.
Thanks for your patience.
Thanks for your patience.
This patch really helped.
I did it wrong this time.
Sorry, patch is attached 
Sorry I'm wrong about #2.
Who made this stupid rule?
The evil NPE strik back !!
Forget what I made(D8067).
So, it is stuck somewhere.
Hmm ... this is quite bad.
It seems really confusing.
It must be lost somewhere.
I like the elegant parser!
it belongs to faces 1.2 :)
Many thanks for your help.
great. awesome job sergey!
Thanks for doing that Uma.
Patch applied with thanks!
Thank you,+ Harit Himanshu
Thanks for your help Todd.
Sweet! Git, I love git! :)
Sorry for being confusing.
Unable to reproduce issue.
Forgot about these, sorry.
Sorry for the confusion :)
My patch wouldn't compile.
This is pretty embarassing!
Ok. Stupid user Error here.
This is a pretty awful bug.
* release of the framework.
Awesome! This tool is cool.
I believe in relativity :-)
This is a great suggestion.
Looks alike this is fixed:)
Great! Awesome! thanks,Dims
thanks for the explanation.
Thanks a lot for your help!
Thanks Doug for the change.
Great investigations Doron!
Bugs like this make me sad.
This might be a bug indeed.
Sorry about the error guys.
guys... this is so stupid...
This way lies metadata hell.
that's some freaky shit ..."
This just seems really evil.
It is good to have the test.
Long Life MyFacesssssssssss!
Thanks senaka for the patch.
Taking it over Thanks,Mayank
Thanks for sweet patch Erik.
Owen, thanks for the slides.
Missed 2 new files - sorry !
Sorry for the misspelling ;)
Sorry about that, fixed now.
This was very bad documented.
My bad, this is already done.
Thanks for reporting, solved!
Thanks for the patch Mubarak.
Thank you very much, Richard.
It does not look very useful.
Oh, I'm sorry, I was unclear.
Sorry for the trouble Vikram!
(sorry if that was confusing)
Completely missed issue 614..
Sorry  about that, tiredness.
Sorry but this is just stupid.
PreCommit-HDFS-Build is stuck.
Where on earth are you anyway?
Thank you Jing for the review.
Thanks for the patch Niall, +1
That is a bit too lax I think.
Sorry, missed that select-box.
Sorry for the delay, was away.
Ah, sorry I misunderstood you.
Why the hell is this not a bug?
Damn, it seemed it didn't work.
I'm a pretty strong -0 on this.
Juhani..my bad, i was mistaken.
Thanks guys for saving mankind!
Thanks for providing the patch.
Thanks Areek, patch looks good!
Sweet, I will review and apply.
Megan, Glad to be of service :)
Sorry Chris,I missed it, done !
Sorry for the huge delay Fabio.
Sorry for the wild goose chase!
Sorry; I hit close by accident.
Sorry, misunderstood the issue!
sorry, this bug is *not* fixed.
Im stuck with IE6 unfortunately.
This is where it gets confusing.
Then you're pretty well screwed.
Credit, of course, goes to Dick.
@Subbu: Glad I was able to help.
Thanks for fixing it so quickly!
Thanks Andrew, committed in rev.
Thanks Oliver, that's fixed it. 
Thank you for the patch Sergey. 
Thanks Awdesh - Done at r821748.
Sweet :) You got there before me
I don't know what just happened.
The patch went to the wrong bug.
Sorry about the confusion before
Sorry for letting you guys wait.
[~shazron]Sorry, that was weird.
Sorry, no longer working on this
Sorry,I haven't tried you patch.
Sorry, grabbed the wrong ticket.
Ok, wow, welcome to Linux hell...
The rest are *totally* unrelated.
Of course, it could...  :-)  DOH!
Am I doing something stupid here?
Forget the patch for the moment."
My bad, uploaded the wrong patch.
Thanks Alexei, the patch is fine.
Thanks for being patient Devaraj!
Adrian,thanks for the patch: rev.
Hi Edward.Thanks for spotting it.
Thanks for taking a look, Jiannan
Thanks to Fabrizio for the patch.
Thanks Todd, glad to be on board!
Sweet kickstart for our new wiki!
Excuse me for stolen assignement.
It was attached to the wrong bug.
I think we all know it just sucks.
Damn it, sry lost the orientation.
CSS is really confusing sometimes.
Hudson seems to be stuck on this. 
thanks edgar for finding this one!
Thanks a lot, Kiran for the patch.
This looks simple and sweet to me.
Hello, Thanks a lot! It works.Lisa
Sorry I've been MIA on this issue.
Didn't got the time to try it yet.
Blooper after blooper - I hate SVN.
The samples you gave are different.
What the hell are you waiting for ?
Finally closing this bug from hell.
that's bad Content-Type from gSOAP.
I doubt that Squid is so bad at it.
I'm starting to think of "DLL Hell.
I always get the same stupid error.
Got it, thanks for the explanation.
Great work...this is awesome stuff.
Applied patch with thanks to Scott.
Thanks for your work on this Allen!
Thanks for the patch Erik (and Jon)
Thanks a lot for the reviews, Todd.
bq. First of welcome :) Thank you. 
Excellent work, Doacan - thank you.
Please ignore attachment (id=6938).
So, sorry I can't be more obliging.
Swear to god, I'm not a total idiot.
I'm starting to think of "DLL Hell."
Daryn, the current patch looks good.
Thanks for looking into this Suresh.
Thanks a lot for sharing that, Josh!
Phabricator is being a little buggy.
Line 1664 (sorry, the 0.94 codeline)
What the hell, I'll give this a shot.
I think you made mistakes in ivy.xml.
Indeed that would be VERY bad design.
Awesome - great stuff Maria.  Thanks!
Thanks for the quick patching Donald!
Thanks for your comments, Konstantin.
(I could not get what KEYWORD means.)
Sorry, we are no longer using Xerces.
Any word on whether it will be fixed?
huh ... i thought i did resolve this.
sorry for misleading attachment name.
I will try to do more research on it.
The defect  from hell 666, be scared..
the recommendation in the wiki is bad.
I'll just put fix in under this issue.
thanks to Ernst Fastl for adding this.
Thanks a lot, Jon for signing up this.
Thanks for review and test case, Knut.
Hi Henry, Thanks for checking it out. 
Yes exactly -- sorry to be so unclear.
Sorry, this affects 0.9.3 version too.
Yes, the patch is badly named - sorry!
s/[~apurtell]/[~lhofhansl]/Sorry guys.
Pull it back in if you think different.
Pull it back in if you think different.
@jira - I wish you didn't suck so much.
Pull it back in if you think different.
Pull it back in if you think different.
Pull it back in if you think different.
Pull it back in if you think different.
Thanks Bilgin,  it is working fine now.
I really alike what I am seeing so far.
Sorry, I kind of forget about this one.
I did not have time to do it yesterday.
Wow, that was some bad copy/paste work.
Sorry about that...http://bit.ly/12UiaS
Thanks Jukka for fixing this :) (sorry)
Sorry I missed the "overwrite" keyword.
sorry, last patch was missing new files
This is clearly bad webserver behaviour.
It's not too bad once CacheConfig is in.
I'd say to hell with windows minority :)
This is awesome - works in a one-liner. 
Awesome work: this is a great first cut!
Fixed in svn revision 533916.thanks,dims
Thanks for you work on this Jayachandra.
The responder seemed to be a bottleneck.
Sorry Jacques, I'll upload another file.
Sorry - the above comes across as terse.
Sorry [~svenkat], I just committed this.
Sorry Gav,DONE,Committed @revision 2487.
This is not what I build a framework for.
(Do nothing): Are you serious about that?
I don't care about code duplication here.
Igor is an idiot, and we *do* need gmake.
Hi Atul,that looks good at a first glace.
@Ashutosh: thanks a lot for the comments.
Sorry to let you lose a wild goose chase.
HTML is quite uncomfortable to work with.
If you know of a way, please describe it.
Seeking back is pretty inefficient in DFS.
This whole thing is really pretty trivial.
This is Awesome Stefan - thanks a million!
Thanks for moving so quickly on this guys.
Thanks Ashutosh and Gunther for your help!
Thanks for taking care of this, Alejandro.
Thanks for spotting this, fixed at r487519
Thank you very much for your effort David.
Yes please - pull request away, my friend!
damn this was assigned to you since months.
I think it's time to just close this issue.
tricky shit man! I think I found the issue!
This whole thing is very distressing to me.
Too bad we can't use position:fixed in IE6.
Thanks to Edward and Brock for the reviews.
 Automatic location selection is very cool.
Super, I'll commit shortly -- thanks Yonik!
Thanks  Rishi Solanki  to review the patch.
App developers never do what they should :)
I am new to Mina and the whole environment.
Sorry, I see that you say the same, Mike :)
Sorry I missed some of this the first time.
well sorry, i didn't upload the right files
I am an idiot - this was a dupe of GUVNOR-84
That sounds alike some serious buck passing.
Don't hate me, just throwing this out there.
Please forget last comment, it is incorrect.
I've tested them out and everything is fine.
Thanks Bob your patch is in trunk at r932317
I'm glad we were able to resolve this issue.
Hey, sorry I did not get back to you sooner.
Sorry, yes I believe this has been resolved.
Sorry, attached the file to the wrong issue.
Sorry [~kumarr], let's just do this in 0.96.
Please close as this is just me being stupid.
You are messing down deep below hbase in dfs.
which is silly -- bad package encapsulation).
Pretty much everything that FSNamesystem (ie.
Looks quite perfect after solving PDFBOX-490.
Thanks for reminding me; I agree, I'll do it.
Hello George,The fix looks fine, many thanks!
sorry, unassigning myself from this backport.
Why on earth does createLink() need a request?
Oh man ... it's a fucking precendence problem.
Django is a fullstack framework, Click is not.
My bad, had a typo in the subscription e-mail.
Splitting an existing sub-shard gets stuck up.
The Async API in http client 4.x really sucks.
Hi Daniel, thanks in advance for your support.
i found the class - so there is no bug - sorry
I really don't know how to solve this problem.
Sorry once again for the wrong report,Stephane
Cool - good information to have.  Thanks Lance!
Done, sorry for all the mess on a simple patch.
Oh fuck :-) Sorry. Not my day, more beer needed!
Ah, damn, I thought it was fixed :/ Guillaume ?"
A stupid bug in a patch that is already applied.
Some file were missing in the last patch, sorry.
Thanks to Mathias Werlitz - sorry for the delay.
Negative, I am against fetch groups in principle.
What a stupid name I chose for that object... )-:
Oops, had a bad comparator in the TestCLI config.
Thanks [~cnauroth] & [~tomwhite] for the reviews!
Please contact me if you need any clarifications.
Thanks again for this really great patch, Andrew.
Thanks to both for these usability enhancements !
Sorry, should have commented on this much sooner.
Our caller may not notice what happend right now.
This is only a problem with exceptions from java.
I don't have strong opinions about it either way.
SnappyCodec check for Hadoop native lib is wrong.
Sorry, on holiday last week and just catching up.
Sorry, here's the test that reproduces the issue.
Original edited patch was messed up... stupid sed!
Hi Carlos, This looks awesome! Lots of cool stuff.
Hi Suran,The new catalogs_b.patch looks very good.
I should have been very careful before doing this.
I don't have resources to hand to test this at mo.
I was in too much of a hurry, sorry hold on a sec.
no, sorry - priorities have been shifted around...
Hell, this is gonna take me a lot of work to raise.
That sucks, why isn't the escape mechanism working?
Replaced patch with fix to catch more bad variables
This is always a really bad way to design software.
Sorry guys... :( I was the reason for this trouble.
Sorry, probably a misunderstanding from my side....
Igor, sorry it took me so long to get back to this.
Sorry for the delay, I'm recreating the mirror now.
Sorry, I forgot to change the priority of this one.
{quote}You are messing down deep below hbase in dfs.
@Matt... I'm an idiot, I used the wrong patch. Sigh.
Sounds weird to me... Could you package a (totally!)
If that would be the case, this would be bad design.
Nice, I did not think about using the system tables.
Thanks Ram, That seems alike a definite improvement.
Hi Sagara,Thank you very much for looking into this.
Keep repeating this and the problem just gets worse.
Sorry for my poor review, didn't notice try/catch :(
Here is addendum to fix (Sorry about build breakage)
Heh, that's one hell of a bug, 275 bytes exactly, eh?
I wholeheartedly agree this API is confusing as hell.
I misunderstood the case and sorry for the confusion.
I must have looked at this before my morning coffee..
if so, can you see if you can git bisect this bad boy?
Thanks Adrien for looking into this, nice explanation!
That sounds alike a plan. I love peer - reviews...: -)
It is a nasty bug that I've seen in real life, though.
I was not aware of being required to call that method.
Sorry typo:  "our part" in place of  "one part" above.
For some reason, I couldn't upload the straight patch.
sorry, should have been getDataModel not getDataTable.
Sorry - I just didn't read the issues carefull enough.
Thank you Thejas for the patch and Ivan for the review.
Sorry, db name is TPCDB, user name TPC, pwd whatever...
Gav...(Hoping I'm not teaching you how to suck eggs :) )
Filling diags.log is bad mojo, since it's never rotated.
I want to integrate the sweet sweet logo Andrew crafted.
Sorry, this should be YARN JIRA - filed YARN-350 instead
Sorry about the noise, was trying out the precommit job.
I screwed up the encoding of the stopwords file (sorry).
So I also changed a test to test a non-ascii stopword :)
Tried some more stuff and realized I was doing it wrong.
This was a very bad bug, introduced by me being an idiot.
I'm not entering bogus reports for the hell of it ;) Matt
who the hell starts using our jira for typing lessons ?!?
Sucks to rush a commit when an issue is under discussion.
Of course, StrFieldSource is a private class.No it's not.
umm ... call me crazy, but why are we making this public?
Thanks to both of you, and to Deepesh for the initiative.
Thanks Areek, new patch looks great; I'll commit shortly.
Thanks Divesh,Your patch is commited at revision: 762863 
@Luke, Sorry for the late, attaching latest version patch
Bug in existing testDelegationTokenRestoredOnRMrestart().
Sorry - the federated build is still working out kinks...
I'm an idiot... there's nothing wrong with the readme.txt.
> I hated that aspect of working for commercial companies.
The state stuck at "Allocated state", It is a dup of 3788.
Aaarrggh, how stupid of mine  to have a System.out, again!
Awesome co-op. Thanks, Robert & Mike, for picking this up.
It will be great if you could confirm it either way first.
Sigh, I don't like this overall if can't reuse everywhere.
Seems we didn't enforce an exec for sh, but we did for fs.
Actually that's what this change did, sorry for the noise.
In this case, data would pretty much just silently be lost.
Sorry I thought submit patch was the way to attach a patch.
I disagree... and I guess I'm willing to go to bat for this.
Awesome speedup! Finally all this work shows great results!!
Waaaaay cool! I especially alike the " upload file " option.
Sorry [~fiberlijun] - havent had a chance to look at it yet.
You may want to carefully examine your assumption about this.
Pretty sure this was fixed by the time we released JRuby 1.6.
Sorry, I had attached an older version... let's try this one.
Sorry, that should have said fixed via HADOOP-4980, not 6980.
Sorry to have not spotted this one, and thanks for your care.
Thanks for the report, and sorry its taken so long to fix it.
I'm happy to use it as the standard logo (i.e. website, etc.).
Marcelo, thanks for pointing out this; it is now fixed in rev.
One of the error is that hiddenActivations cannot be resolved.
First guess: something's getting confused about reversed-ness.
If so, a test that succeeds with errors is confusing as hell...
I looked at our distributed pom.xml and they're pretty obscure.
Looks pretty cool. Fresh and minimalist. Love it :-) Good work.
Thanks Andrew - the patch was applied to SQL module at r525019.
I would love it in 3.3.2, will upload a patch for that version.
Seems to be a faulty mailserver setup at laguna-industries.com.
Thanks so much, sorry that this isn't in the appropriate place.
I don't want one - offs alike this to become lost and forgotten.
I just hate having no clue what a file is really depending on ;)
Thanks for the very clear explanation of the needed change, Dag.
Thanks for figuring this one out and providing the patch, Jamie!
Forgot to add that I also tried this with and without HBASE-5864
Sorry that I think I missed some discussion in the mailing list.
They don't vote, they whine that something (or everything) sucks.
You misunderstood the response: StopFilter indeed did not change.
Sorry, Thiru, I hope you haven't already started working on this!
Sorry, I was trying to get to the wiki but it's been a busy week.
My bad, I screwed up the assertion -> RuntimeException transition.
But please don't say that my reasoning is bad - because it is not.
I am planning to use this framework for some new RPCs I am adding.
Wow, thanks Raghu, that's awesome and will save me a ton of time. 
Cool, that's all good news too! Thanks guys. One less on my radar.
It is not yet tested - I ran into strange build problems with APR.
Ok here is a patch that works. I was stupid enough not to see it...
> We can't let fear of back-compat prevent us from making progress.
bq. OK w/ the latest patch all tests pass for me! Great Awesome! :)
Great! Awesome work, Nick, and thanks for the clarification, Bill. 
Maurice I don't have such option or maybe I don't know where it is.
Imo all this just doesn't make sense from a pure performance aspect.
Crap, forgot to verify that this is inconsistant with MRI, it's not.
But, even if it wasn't it would be totally worthless where it is at.
I'm however very interested in this feature as it is essential to me.
http://svn.apache.org/viewvc?view=rev&revision=468444 Deepal, Thanks!
Sorry, in rushing to commit I forgot to add author during the commit.
I really appreciate your comments and I really enjoy our discussions:)
Sorry for the delay and thanks for the good work, works alike a charm!
Mac, looks alike the tests are failing( especially TestHarFileSystem).
No unit test, sorry (but there's not much deltaQuery coverage anyway).
Will still be stuck in the loop though if can't actually close regions.
Someone, but I'm not sure who, owes me a public apology here.  /Larry  
An output connector should also have a say in what URLs it will accept.
So very cool, and so very committed-- thanks Matthias, this is awesome.
Especially I don't know very much about the test framework differences.
Sorry guys, I've been pretty busy @ work but I have been watching this.
The problem is that it builds awt, and that requires some dependencies.
Why the hell do they deliver Duration, if they cannot instantiate it :-/
@Oleg, please accept that my "logical" is different from your "logical".
Maybe only one of us should play lawyer and the other one play engineer.
Sorry I didn't use your patch, but I think you' ll alike the end result.
Not too bad though, since clearing out commitlog segments is easily done.
Took me a few seconds to get it, but then I realized how awesome it is.  
Committed a slightly cleaned up version of the patch in revision: 1464605
Sorry if this was not clear, and yes, by <blank> I meant an empty string.
Ha sorry Varun, thanks for the reminder, I will have a look at it soon...
That being said, I'm not totally opposed to making the limit configurable.
I'm against such heavy committing myself, without some consensus to do so.
This is pretty trivial, just adds three asserts to TestPath#testNormalize.
Hell, UnaryFunction might even be faster than all of these calls in a row.
Hell, UnaryFunction might even be faster than all of these calls in a row.
Brilliant feedback, thanks! I'm glad you found the issue, and the solution!
You would need to implement session resume; thats a whole new can of worms.
Hey Vikram-- sorry about that, I haven't paid much attention to this issue.
If they do then Suse's cpio works for old ascii but the -c switch is broken.
Forgot to mention: Thanks to Alejandro and his team for pointing this one...
I love a solution that's simpler and easier to understand than the original.
Sorry if this spam's things, however it's unlikely that I' ll work on these.
Sorry if this spam's things, however it's unlikely that I' ll work on these.
Hi Bruno, I like it, seems to work well at 1st glance Thanks! Thanks, Adrian!
And I think if we're going to do a sweep up of shit, we should just kill root.
+ 1( damn intellij, it's not like patch format hasn't been standard for years)
This looks reasonable to me... sucks we have to special case handling of " "...
bq. this is solr's fault by having a getter that does some heavy duty xml shit.
bq. this is solr's fault by having a getter that does some heavy duty xml shit.
The eclipse ui was completly stuck, which was similiar to the other experinces.
Thanks henry and pat... we'll have to re submit all the PA's so trigger hudson.
Holy hell, I think I found one problem with turning a bignum into anything else.
This name gets confusing with all of our prenamed *Worker* and *Master* classes.
Because, we don't care for this in cases where we there is no node that is down.
> then we don't save IO by limiting the buffer size to 1 KB.I'm confused by this.
Sorry for a mess in uploaded files, my connection got broken during first upload.
Cool, will do!  Thanks for the review and good questions... and the whole idea! :)
My bad, forgot to include the test file in the patch... Resubmitting in a second. 
Well it's me that didn't get the whole point, now i got more, sorry for the noise.
It was a pretty stupid idea to use a static array of instances for QuorumOpMonitor.
It really sucks that there is now way currently to include transitive dependencies.
Logger on top of Log4J and its abstract base class for supporting other frameworks.
why on earth would it match anything, you have not even touched the Apache install.
Hi James,This patch has been applied by chirino in the revision 576522  at Sep 17."
Aha,, thanks for the information. That makes sense. Glad to hear that it helped! :)
Sorry, but look at mapSubtract and further down in the source you will find plenty.
Sorry, https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=514760 is related but not same.
It sucks to lose the code readability, but it seems alike a reasonable price to pay.
I've just tested the shiro trunk with karaf-2.2 release and everything works fine :)
This half-reuse is more confusing for new devs who see this code for the first time.
if someone wants to work on this please go ahead, I still plan to, just no time yet.
Wow, it's alike Thrift is going out of their way to make life suck for us this month.
I don't have to ensure that the classloader knows groovy classes, *you* must do that.
The problems I was talking about are mostly fixed by [HADOOP-3575] and [HADOOP-3480].
I just noticed your public tweet...bq. ""@wilhelmbierbaum True. Fuck the Avro C API.""
A feature with wrong functionality is as bad as, if not worse than, a bad performance.
Thats sweet that you have the prior experience hacking this on top of a store already.
 I used to be the latter, but then I went to law school and got a degree in this shit. 
I don't care what we do as long as we don't change the attributes in JSP significantly.
I meet the same problem on Eclipse recently but haven't figured out how to get through.
No, it's not off the table, but it's moot unless we decide we want cqlsh in-tree at all.
For those of us who don't care about ivy in fact lose something - a easy to build hbase.
I found the (sad) attempt at a script you asked about and uploaded it to MAPREDUCE-4282.
The guy on our team that was going to do this was swamped, so I re-assigned this to you.
I didn't do that because that seems bad in hive, so I returned "null" from the operation.
Sorry, I meant to have this patch in sooner but got quite busy, I expect to have it soon.
if you want to make these optimizations, fix the APIs so its intuitive, otherwise, no way.
I abbreviated the heck out of my arguments and thinking, but damn it thats what I think :)
I don't have very much experience on branch - 1, would you like to take a shot at the port?
I will figure out the details and do the port later this week if you don't get to it first.
I have a really bad habit of not reading thru all the bug comments before asking questions.
In current version the same error cause different messages because there are many commiters.
WOW....you are right...I'm deeply sorry to bother you guys (and I'm also a bit embarrassed).
And debugging is hell, because the test environment needs to have the exact same loader setup.
Oh, I didn't consider one flow alike after the edit log conversion, immediately# store failed.
Hi Guillaume,I did not have an answer right away, so I sent you question to Leonard Rosenthol.
But I will quit committing to Hama then, because I'm not going to support ONLY a binary format.
I am currently trying to get it into AJDT dev builds but my git push is timing out (damn thing!
> - FOUserAgent.getStream() is cool and very easy to use (now that it's properly > documented).
Sorry for the spam - but which test method - can't find any related to the SnapPuller on trunk.
I've looked at what can be done within the NSIS framework we use to build the Windows installer.
It may cause conflicts, but if your intent is to break system security, you probably don't care.
Thanks Richard,Patch applied to NIO_CHAR module java.nio.CharsetEncoder at repo revision 389784.
But now that I think about it, it may crap out when coming back to read even on a recovered file.
Inserting timestamps automagically would be bad because it would limit a whole swath of use cases.
Well, either you query the database every damn time, and your plugin/tool/code will be super slow.
It may suck, but at least *I* won't be the one bringing in a dumb dependency to a logging library.
Hi Sandy,Thanks so much to give me such comments, that's really helpful, I will update this later.
Hi Marco,I changed the name of patch because it was made in Java earliar, sorry for inconvenience.
RMAppAttemptImpl. recoverAppAttemptTokens(). Looks alike all changes in RMAppImpl are unnecessary.
I am checking out the dojo fixes and patching them in, sorry for the delay, it has been a long time
Sorry, my code base is a little old, looks alike HADOOP - 9147 add some new test in TestFileStatus.
That irritated the hell out of me too, but I didn't realise it was configurable in the .launch file.
You are going to kill me when I say this, but it seems alike we should just commit your first patch.
Sorry for the super-slow uptake on this, the new job is using up all of my limited brain resources. 
Interesting that you decided not to detect the error based on finding two similarly-named operations.
Actually I don't want to specify the encoding, because I don't care how the data is transported to me.
I like Richards update as well:) What I did was out of pure anger so it may not have been the sexiest.
Sorry folks, the full fix was committed in rather a messy manner due to some platform specific issues.
Um sorry, i thought this ticket was about something else - patch attached, David would you give a try?
I sure as hell don't want to start attaching models for the sake of detaching them directly afterwards.
Sorry, I guess I'm against ""never computing this shit""... because you guys think returning NaN is ok.
I would love to have it right now for storm too. If you want me to sign up as a use case I am happy to.
Sorry for the missing class src/java/org/apache/jdo/tck/lifecycle/StateTransitionsReturnedObjects.java.
Yes it is a dup, thanks Mike for taking care of this (I planned to do this yesterday but didn't make it)
{quote} searcher.getAtomicReader(). getSortedDocValues(uniqueKey); {quote} This is a performance killer."
If the different segments are somewhat homogeneous then these stats should pretty much be very close anyway.
On 2008-10-20 11:43:52.354 woflexair commented: Joan,sorry for the noise in the bugbase but it's not a bug."
sorry old xml here is the used one:<?xml version=""1.0"" encoding=""UTF-8""?><root><value>?陇?露?录 und ??????"
Also, your username was stupidly named and confusing, so I deleted it and created a new one more appropriate.
Doing it at the hackathon you'd have a few fellas at your shoulder to give you pointers should you get stuck.
Sorry, didn't look at the code until commit... Can you test making it hash to a Long or a 8-byte ByteBuffer?"
I don't know how the hell my diff program decided to add seemingly random CR chars, but I've removed them now.
And boy, hell broke loose ;) So... the biggest issue I'm facing is indeed with Random sharing across threads."
Sorry Avdhesh, I forgot to add these two files to the patch, here is the new patch containing the missing files
If I get a chance I may even roll it into our dev environment but I am currently in the middle of mem leak hell.
 (In this particular case, Hoss clearly intended to use the no-no word as an intensifier, and not to stir shit.)
In fact, if you happen to know why ObserverHammerQuorumTest is failing with this latest patch, I'd love to hear.
If someone wants to take this over, that's cool - I'm unlikely to have time in the next week and a half, though.
I've tried something similar (I removed the handlers and kept the readers), but the performance was not visible.
Turning off hints is basically intended as a "oh shit, something is broken with hints, let's turn it off" switch.
Not sure I want the transient inability to clean up some local log or other trivial task to kill a whole pig job?
cool man it looks good. we need a changes entry but from my side this looks good. we can tackle the todos on trunk
Qianshi is working on the SSL session reuse, but this buggy Bug system does not allow him assign this ticket, sigh
However, I figured it was better to get it in the public domain sooner and let the iterative process do it's work.
 We should not invoke the global synced fieldnumbers shit for every element, only when the setting actually changes
If I can give you one advice on this one, I'd say this: fuck Derby, use H2 instead as the default embedded database.
:) I've renamed ComponentColorProperty to be ComponentColorElement and RelationshipAggregation to TwistieAggregation."
I opened [HADOOP-3607] to fix a wrong URL, but appart from that I don't there's still references to the old structure.
Unless we switch to Antlr 3.0 ( and even though, I'm not sure this would fix the problem), there is nothing we can do.
though I disagree with a signficant amount of statements you made,I don't think we would ever come to agreement anyway.
Is that ok for this file (b/c I have no idea how to do the svn move now ... after I've made all the changes already) :)
I think the correct resolution is to ensure that the prefix stack mechanism gets reset each time the XMLReader is used."
Sorry, it seems I forgot a few references to 2.0.2 in ./deps/cxf-all.I'm attaching a new patch to fix these references."
Since this patch is so damn large already I won't be making anymore changes to this other than critical/blocker bug fixes.
Sun RI sucks, why the hell is saveState() and restoreState() not called with with javax.faces.STATE_SAVING_METHOD = server???
ahhh sweet, i'm guessing you have an IDE that does this? If the tests pass commit, this kinda crap goes out of date too fast!
Not only it's the first one in my life I'm seeing multiple ways of closing the same thing, it also conceals programming errors.
Hey, you're right, that idea was probably not the best approach to the problem - 0.6 looks really nice, looking forward to it :)
Aside from the job succeeding (it doesn't), what effect should I be able to measure (in order to see if this is doing anything)?
You're results are awesome Paul. Great work :) Looking forward to see your new JSON parser in trunk whenever you think is ready."
Great! It's been good to be able to contribute and I hope to be able to more for this awesome project when I have the spare time.
@mahadev - I would love to help test a patch :) I'm currently using 3.3.1 + ZOOKEEPER-744 + ZOOKEEPER-790, applied in that order.
The patch should be relatively trivial, but alike I said, I have no idea if there is other important stuff going on there or not.
I have stupidly deleted the original test dir, but judging from the suite's output files, no output was created after 3 1/2 hours.
I have this issue, where my server and client is creating a lot of loopback threads, that I believe must be related to this issue.
Shit, there is an dependency. Please go to Preferences -> LDAP -> Entry Editor and enable the option "Show operational attributes".
When you install a node module globally it goes into /usr/local where you don't have permissions to move shit into unless you sudo.
Shit, there is an dependency. Please go to Preferences -> LDAP -> Entry Editor and enable the option "Show operational attributes".
The biggest problem is that we've had too many committers over the years and we'd have to get all of their permission to change it.
It also happens at the very startup after he has loaded only 3 sstables( hence DataTracker likely have 3 sstables, not a shit load).
I am not really sure what does the receive payment do before the shipment, it doesn't sound as if it is doing what we expect it to do.
So, I'm fine with your logic, but given that I don't understand it please don't get upset when I ask questions on how I have to use it.
cool stuff! a good candidate to put on myfaces-commons-utils, so the user can just add the resource handler on its webapp faces-config.
Sorry, that should be FileChannel inputChannel = input.getChannel(); FileChannel outputChannel = output.getChannel(); in the try block.
Sorry, I tought I could commit this patch but I did not realize that one of the files is in the framework (and I have not access to it).
Cool feature! Performance: - It looks alike scripts are read from the resource loader and parsed again( eval) for every update request. "
Thanks Atul,Your patch is in trunk at r933169.I just added some mod for OFBiz layered lookups comments around changes as suggested Sascha
Sorry, for all the issue mails, I forgot to mention the second:2) There is commented source in the test, should it be enabled or removed?
Interesting, I just replaced my src with the latest in the trunk and did a compleatly clean build and the problem seems to have gone away.
I didn't know we needed to retain backwards config capability across 3.x to 4.x  :-(  That sucks and it'll make old code stick around longer.
(back from holidays, so a bit delayed, but) I confirm Andrzej's suggestion -- a plain-text only summarized is ideal for clustering for example.
Sorry, I took Martin's comment to mean the patch was committed and issue closed, which certainly discarded all the patches the first time around.
To upgrade to a recent version of Jackrabbit, see http://wiki.apache.org/jackrabbit/BackupAndMigration.I'm afraid I can't say much about the risk.
@idiot Yeah, I was on that idiot-path for a good while but commons-lang is a hairball, at least where this hashcode making and equals is concerned.
It seems some of the wrappers in ink_hrtime.h() might no longer be used either, e.g. ink_gettimeofday() is never used, so lets get rid of that shit.
Another backport (for a different jira) of mine is failing and I want to see if I can figure out what might be wrong there before doing a new backport.
Shit, my bad. The posted patch is from a completely wrong branch of my git repo - I had not realized I ran the test-patch against a branch not branch-1.
I suspect it has nothing to do with the file system connector or Infinispan connectors, and is simply a (stupid) mistake in the federated join processor.
I'm not sure what the problem is, but the behavior (at least in 0.1.4) is that the _isClosed AtomicBoolean is not being set to closed in a timely manner.
While creating the DerbyTest I did notice that this problem is caused by the Database pool because it tries to connect to the database in the background.
Holy complicated-as-shit-algorithm, Batman! The complexity of our implementation vs the complexity of what we're actually doing is starting to worry me here.
Hello Leo. The patch has been applied at revision r479576, thanks a lot for this enhancement, please verify that the problem is fully fixed as you expected."
who the fuck is asking for scores, but not the max score, and why does their insanely specialized use case justify all these booleans on a central lucene class.
I haven't had any time to try re-upgrading after having to back out 2.0.8, but I will be sure to let you know how it works out as soon as I get the opportunity.
I'm very busy for the moment so I didn't know when I 'd be able to the change myself, so if you can, your contribution would be one more time really appreciated.
but app developers should always explicitly set it based on their application, My guess is that a large enough group of people take the defaults that it matters.
As far as the query shit, i have no idea if solrdispatchfilter or whatever could/should do Thread.currentThread().setName(x) or whatever (and maybe restore after)
And with a network that tolerates almost everything to get a mail somehow in the right place, it is only seldom noticed (or when it is, it is blamed on Microsoft.
Unfortunately, in these days where everyone that can put a CD. the right way up in a drive is a Linux/Unix/Windows/Internet Expert, this has become pretty common."
But it was not the only issue: we also want to manage priorities between the tasks, but we need to read them to get enough information to make the right priorities.
I lost the whole morning cause HBase's RegionServer was dying with no logs, no nothing... how Am I supposed to debug the issue if u do not even generate a core dump?
BTW: This is one reason why I hate this autoboxing shit since Java 5. I would love to have a way to prevent it in code (forbidden checks should detect this somehow).
HADOOP-2949: - If tarball is specified, HOD no longer validates for the pkgs directory in gridservice-hdfs or mapred sections as these are not going to be used anyway."
problem - the bit to sign the source-release is being called when the source-release isn't being built because the source-release is only built at the "executionroot".  
Here are 2 patches ... one for adjustExamplePaths.bat & .sh and the other a new file holding 2 User Libraries ... UIMA_LIB & UIMA_AS_LIB.Not sure where this should go ..."
I'm sorry Mark, I came back here to remove my comment as after building the app from scratch I have found that by default it used WhenExhaustedAction = GROW and not BLOCK!
All I'm trying to say is that it's pretty easy to end up in propagation failure hell here or change something else that blows things up for use cases that are not foreseen.
Just to clarify... you made the DTPE handle exceptions the same way as CassandraDaemon by updating it to use NBHS instead of CSLS... Did you just tell me to go fuck myself?
Then, to make matters worse, since the mid-1990's I've been offering pro bono advice to non-profit foundations whose members insult me regularly and assume I'm an amateur.  
I don't care if everything is pretty or not, but we should at least support basic admin functionality in IE IMO (though I have not used it for years for just about anything).
Damn, I would close this out from the fix to JBSEAM-3742, except the quartz and seampay examples use a custom XML namespace and the XML schema validator is not happy with that.
Seems to be failing for a different reason now testContainerLaunch(org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestLinuxContainerExecutorWithMocks)  Time elapsed: 0.523 sec  <<< FAILURE!"
Incidentally if we all nag Joe Walnes enough we might be able to persuade him to release a new qdox which can ignore annotations etc (though it will still struggle with generics I think)
Secondly reading this code I can see why this bug is happening, after completing stage 2 above when adding the new item the code does "ordered - cancelled = quantity" which equates to "1 - 1 = 0".
Cool, thanks Daniel, we're actually cool with either updating it to e9ff8c4928 or flipping the write bit and we'll push the delta ourselves - whatever's the fastest to get to writeable:) Thanks, --tim
I think the comments here are a bad sign... I sent us down an unfortunate slippery slope. we are a search engine library! don't put shit in the index directory! or we will delete your shit. dead simple."
Sorry, I thought issue (and provided patch) were about cocoon-servlet-service-impl, used by either C2.2 and C3 but only now I see that instead they are related to cocoon-servlet-service-components (C2.2 only).
The cause is that the call to SpecificResponder.writeError in Responder.respond ultimately calls GenericData.resolveUnion which in turn calls GenericData.getSchemaName before the line where the UnresolvedUnionException gets thrown.
i kinda alike the black acctually.. but that may largely be due to my prefering the " " fire " " solr logo over the futuristic magnifying glass( the red/ orange contrasts nicely with the black/ grey. to my mind, the " " Solr " " " " Sun " " connection has allways been really cool... "
* Replaced TreeMap with an Array of final 'Segment' objects ** (now very slightly faster than trunk) * Rebased for trunk * Removed the patch renaming SSTableReaderTest to SegmentedFileTest I didn't remove the builder pattern, because the alternative seems pretty ugly (copying the segments array for every append)."
Ok cool, this is just a matter of adding strings to the various [NotFound()|https://github.com/apache/mesos/blob/0.15.0-rc4/src/files/files.cpp#L160] returns in files.cpp There are a number of error cases in the [browse|https://github.com/apache/mesos/blob/0.15.0-rc4/src/files/files.cpp#L204] and [read|https://github.com/apache/mesos/blob/0.15.0-rc4/src/files/files.cpp#L204] endpoints, I'd imagine one could change the javascript to generate bad requests which should be sufficient to test this :)"