I ' m learning C + + , then i was searching for some codes for learn something in the area that i love : File I / O , but i want to know how i can tweak my code for the user type the file that he wants to see , in wget , but with my program this : The code of my program is here : Thanks ! 
Have a look at . I've tried to get my "MSN Invite contacts" function working right now and that's what I've found this far. Works excellent!
Um... Nothing... Sad that we all missed the simple solution.
Its always fun when you have concurrent applications extracting different versions of your naive library to the same location and filename.
Anyone??? I'm starting to hate VS for that reason!
In current version the same error cause different messages because there are many commiters.
tabby cat fun and easy you can sing and make music your own way. :)
is a really great option for git . Most of the free , public hosting sights will insist that you license your code with an OSS license ( and , possibly , your documentation ) . That ' s potentially a different thing that you ' re talking about ( backups ) . For just backups , you may want to try a for - pay service or even something like . 
I have two tables which looks this : Each news can only have one tag . What is the most effective way to handle inserts to the news table ? The Tags table has 50 000 rows . I ' m only doing bulk inserts of approx . 300 news at a time , around 2 times per hour . I assume that i need some in - memory cache for the tags ? If the tag is not in the tags table , i need to insert it and set TagID to the newly inserted id . Hope you ' ll get the idea ! 
I am referring to this behaviour: (Windows doesn't include the mouse cursor in the screen shot, I'm hovered on the uppermost (+) here.) I find this incredibly annoying in some cases, especially with larger methods. In , I have both checkboxes blank.
I ' ve used a few times in the past , and clients really liked it . It ' s not AJAX , as it loads all the full sized images on page load , but if you were motivated I ' m sure you could make that change pretty easily . 
I would recommend -- it's an excellent CMS with great built-in translation.
Is search and replace the only way to rename as asp control in the code behind file? I find this extremely annoying, but it is the only way I can find. Scenario: I'll find a variable that needs renaming (Usually to meet naming convention) I'll rename the variable in the aspx/ascx file. I'll have to go in the code behind files and search and replace. I get annoyed Are there any better ways - preferably that would not touch a similarly named variable in another scope in the project. I'm on VS2008 with resharper -- does VS2010 address this perhaps?
My current result when I do a test run in main is.
I'm not sure I follow what you mean by "service layer"... "service" is such an abused generic term these days :-(
This might help you understand/explore things a little bit more. An excellent article! Cheers!
Use to insert data from another table
Great question! There have already been a few questions that address A few:
To access a shared structure in a multi-threaded environment, you should use implicit or explicit locking to ensure safe publication and access among threads.
Sorry, attached the file to the wrong issue.
My bad, forgot to include the test file in the patch... Resubmitting in a second. 
This is a great question .. my approach for solving this question would be to ask : Given a list of items , what is the popability of choosing two consecutive items from the list which are sorted . As the list becomes more sorted , the probability will approach 100 % . To calculate this probability is relatively simple : I hope this helps ! 
I had heinous problems with this until I disabled my Norton Autoprotect anti-virus software. SO posting tip: include version, OS, etc. of your environment.
Right, since you recognize EAV, I'm supposing you'll do fine :3 Good luck!
I host a project on CodePlex, but a bunch (200+) files need to have their extension changed. What is the easiest, least painful way to do this? I cant see myself doing them one by one in the IDE. Update: I know I can just remove and change them via the commandline/utility, and readd them, but that would lose history. Perhaps there is some commandline interface to TFS on CodePlex?
I ' m trying to debug my application and from the point I fire it up on the iPad , it will get killed by timeout before it ever reaches FinishedLaunching ( ) ( I have abreakpoint there ) ! Here ' swhat I see in the output panel . All this takes almost 20s . If I run the app in RELEASE build it randomly gets stuck . I hit a button and the delegate gets caled half a minute later . What is going on ? In the Simulator it is all okay . 
There is a solution to your problem.
For what it's worth, NSCollectionView does this too (you can see it in action in the IconCollection sample code). They apparently wait for a "quiet period" in which you've stopped dragging. I've been trying to write a similar class, and it is definitely a pain to get the animations to run consistently and properly during the resize.
ok i have tried this with NEO4J but not with great success! any tools suggestions ?
What tool are you using to create your report?
I don't have resources to hand to test this at mo.
needs bug fix since update love this game but since the update ot freezes up and or shuts down and you lose lives. not good! fix the bug please. and ill fix my rating =)
The set can be a CODE_FRAGMENT, and you can wrap in an unmodifiable for good measure.
You hate the price. Fair enough. ;)
Acropolis was killed as a standalone product , with its contributions being cherry - picked for later libraries such as MEF or whatever the WPF version of CAB is called . 
Never knew about VS macros. It's awesome!!! Just what I need in a couple scenarios. Thanks a lot
Most of the times when Iphone program crash, compiler show stack with full of no's, but these no's don't make any sense to me. Very rarely it point out where the problem might be and mostly there are these useless no's. How you can make sure that when your program crashes while development/testing, it shows at what place this cause this crash?
Well, without any third-party tools, I'd say try using the clipboard ring, but roosteronacid's idea about the snippet is probably quicker. Hope that helps!
Thanks for the answers. I've found a great sitemap generator over at codeplex. If anyone is interested you can check it out here: Enjoy!
I must investigate further, but I fear it's not : big precompiled pieces of middleware ahead !
Very well put , I really this ! ! ! 
LinqBridge only gives us Linq syntax on . NET 2.0 . We still need an ORM . 
Thanks a lot @maasg... Solution was to add synchronized ( myArrayList ) before I check the size in the Thread 2.
anybody got an idea? build.xml
That's a great link! Donut caching, when using the WebFormViewEngine also works with the declarative control too.
no. there isn't
If there is no maximum a brute force attack can count on collisions too , i . e . the malicious user will be able to enter 1000 characters for example that produce the same hash as the original password with 8 symbols . 
Here is a code in , I would like to run it with , optimizing if possible . 
I have a silverlight control (View) which displays a list of items in a specified property of the datacontext (viewmodel). What I need is for the scrollviewer in my control to scroll to the top or bottom depending on where the latest item has been added to the list. (It'll always be either the beginning or the end of the list, I don't need to worry about middle of list insertions.) In WPF i'd just use the DataContextChanged event to start listening to the viewmodel, but in silverlight that event is internal. Any ideas on how to tackle this?
NOTE: The programming language I am using is Java.
this is an old question - why hasn't 'steve m' picked an answer yet?
In App 2 if I call API_NAME ( ``Test1 '') will I get a null pointer exception or will I get 1?
I have just come across this great API : However , I would like to also retrieve the continent . Is this even possible as I can not find it . Maybe there is another API that is freely available that will offer city , country and continent ? I have tried Googles AJAX API but they don ' t offer continent either . Maybe I going to have to just convert what I already have into continents , how ? ! I hope this isn ' t too subjective ! Thanks all 
When you find yourself doing this, you need to ask yourself if this is the intended way of getting your server started. You shouldn't worry about this and make sure your python and django paths are set correctly. This is ignoring the actual problem.
great great great, that's what I was looking for !
I don't have very much experience on branch - 1, would you like to take a shot at the port?
cool yeh it is pritty cool and sh*t
I'm currently working on a responsive multi-level menu which currently shows every level of the hierarchy instead of only the first, which is what I want to achieve. I've created a fiddle, which can be found here: Here's the relevant Code: CSS: And also my JS: If someone could lead me in the right direction, I'd be really greatful! Thanks!
game freezes! i play on the pc and now tried to play over and over on my samsung s3 and it freezes up after 2 min. in the game!
How would I go about using Stephen Celis ' fantastic SCListener singleton ? ( ) I would like to start with something incredibly simple .. display the input volume in a textview or just display a UIImage when the listener detects something . Any help would be greatly appreciated ! Thanks ! 
It was a painful process for us. I can't remember hardly any of the specific things that made it so difficult, but I do remember it sucked.
Works pretty good for me, you perfectionists! (just teasing)
I have a service which writes input stream to a file.
excellent idea : ) I just added , tests it and works a charm ! Thanks 
In VB.NET you can, with the keyword (I believe). But what you're trying to do seems really horrible. Just set them explicitly. It's almost exactly the same amount of code.
I created a mobile application with the yeoman mobile - generator . I ' am very new to grunt and yeoman , but it ' s really awesome stuff ! Does anyone know what I have to do add a banner to my generated files ? Where I have to use this . I have tried something this , but does not affect . ... 
A smarter, entirely C++-way of doing what you want is using . Especially helps you to accomplish what you want. Please see the excellent about how to use it!
What are you trying to generate specifically?
shame its a good game dont get me wrong but since theupdate with the hunter and new maps it freezes   unless you stik to old maps.... cumon update fix please
Excellent! Exactly what I was looking for. Thanks.
How could I add FILE_NAME files into the CODE_FRAGMENT file??
Turns out to be a pretty small tweak , you were almost there ! You have to re - set the option prior to the if you want to have the new selection box , visually change : Which then successfully redraws the box upon a single click as it does within the below Fiddle , which listens to the dimensions which are set within the object : Demo Fiddle : http : / / jsfiddle . net / Pg39A / 
I would like to intercept the event in a . NET Windows Forms TabControl when the user has changed tab by double - clicking the tab ( instead of just single - clicking it ) . Do you have any idea of how I can do that ? 
such a strong argument without any "reference", is completely useless because just opinionated.
I've been using OpenGL extensions on Windows the . Is GLEW the easier way to go? How do I get started with it?
Off topic, but I really really hate the 5 ` `s in a row. That's abuse!
Excellent! Just what i needed!
EF CTP5 is still having this bug ! Anyway there is a simple work around for now See more here : Be aware that Count ( ) is total rubbish performance wise ! 
Excellent point! Thanks!! I did mean just the left side though.. (I should have specified that). Was glad to learn your insight though..
Hi I just started playing with Mongoose . It seems pretty awesome ! Now coming from a Django background , how would one implement a type of options field : So that it can be set status = Open or something that . Or should this just be a normal String field and I set it accordingly in my app ? 
by architect is pretty much the holy book for scalable web architectures. The by of , creators of LiveJournal, are also excellent case studies. Check out first.
I've done some easy .hover(function() statement in jQuery. When i hover over a text i simply want a #div.fadeIn, and on non-hover fadeOut. It works. But it's just if i spam the text-trigger with hover and un-hoverring really quickly and then stop the animation begin to give a blinking effect. It just kind of loops, really annoying!
awesome explanation!! this is seriously awesome..
malware from facebook?? could you explain that
API_NAME: API_NAME ( ) FILE_NAME / lang/String;.
Note that the byte is written as given; to write a character that will be translated according to the platform's default character encoding, use the print ( char ) or println ( char ) methods.
If I am using IIS 7.0 + Server 2008/Vista Enterprise, any ways from IIS 7.0 side to control the upload speed? For example, max upload speed at 1M bytes/second? Any configuration based easy solution is great! And any programming based solution is also appreciated. :-) thanks in advance, George
Horribly inefficient! It re-encodes the image each time. Try this instead.
in order to have a more powerful client ( with drag and drop ).
This is probably silly but very frustrating . Using VS2008 with a C + + project , when I ' m working normally , the breakpoints window is visible and active but when I ' m debugging it disappears and can ' t be shown . This is a problem if I want to edit the condition of a breakpoint while running . Pressing the breakpoints window button doesn ' t do anything and neither does pressing Ctrl + Alt + B Does this happen to anybody else ? It ' s a brand new install with Visual Assist and QT integration as extensions . same configuration with VS2005 doesn ' t have any problems . 
Couldn't agree more about TextPad being an excellent editor (my personal favourite). However, whilst it does search over multiple files (and very quickly at that) it doesn't do search and replace over multiple files.
I have no answer, but I'll 2nd the sentiment about the documentation quality for OpenSSL... I'm working with it now also (just starting), and it's horrible trying to find examples or documents for anything beyond simple operations... I feel your pain.
Why would you do that? You're begging for horrible debugging sessions!
I have a table that is referenced by a ton of other tables via foreign keys. I am trying to delete a Document record, and according to my execution plan, SQL Server is doing a clustered index scan on every one of the referencing tables. This is very painful. I thought having a FK automatically made an index on the FK fields? Or am I wrong? Do I really have to go around my database putting an explicit index on every single FK field?
? so far so good. ? however  freezes up way too much. hope that error gets fixed soon or i will have to give it the boot.
I finally managed to get it to work.
I have tomcat hosting my website FILE_NAME api for database management.
You may be looking for a solution similar to Josh Smith's "". In his article, he presents the following: And then uses the multi-value converters as follows: Hope this helps!
Ended up being a bad dependency . I had to add it manually to get it all working . Terrible ! 
I lost the whole morning cause HBase's RegionServer was dying with no logs, no nothing... how Am I supposed to debug the issue if u do not even generate a core dump?
I had to do this once in Notes for a plugin I was developing. What I ended up doing was editing the Notes template in the designer, and then writing some LotusScript behind it that called a .NET class via a DLL. So when you clicked the button, it triggered the event in the LotusScript, and then called the DLL, and passed the item information to it. I should also note that it was a freakin' bear to figure out because Notes documentation is terrible.
I'm using bootstrap modals to display a iframe all works well, but in ios 7 safari (ipad) the user can not type any text in any of the text boxes (the keyboard simply doesnt open, nor does it focus) or are they able to click any links, yet it displays on the screen absolutely fine! and outside of the iframe the site continues to function. has anybody else run into this? cheers
I hate to say it, but constant polling over HTTP is the poor mans solution.
Just to add more - JavaScriptSerializer and DataContractJsonSerializer aren't always compatible with each-other (DateTime, IIRC, is a pain).
freezes game freezes every time you try to connect to your facebook account. game stops responding.
@Guffa: a *very* excellent question. There's not typically a good reason to do so.
I really hate Jquery , your code looks as if you are looking forward to publishing your project finalized with Jquery .. Anyhow .. if your looking to replace the jquery selector $ ( " " ) with a function you should know that the function requires that it returns a DOM element . otherwise an error will be flagged and java script with abort . 
Another good reason is relative longevity . db40 is an excellent product for what it does , but its user base is small and it isn ' t likely to outlive something SQL Server . Of course , I also used to say there was no way Java was going to survive . 
I ended up using , which met all my needs and is (IMO) very excellent.
Loved all 3 responses ! I picked Gordon ' s because it allowed me to do an outer join and ignore rows that had an additional filtering parameter ( I didn ' t ask for this but I was able to implement that later ) . JBrooks solution was great because it had a smaller footprint and allowed me to leverage functions , and shree ' s one was a little too verbose for my bigger project but still did exactly what I needed . Thank you all ! 
Excellent questions ! This particular project will need DS , WAYF , etc . 
In ASP.NET MVC, I have a form. In this form the user selects a country, and then the ID is posted back to the server, using a normal . However, for some UX reasons, I use Knockout. Therefore I need to get my observable value to have the value of a dropdownlist. I want my label in the markup, to show the countryId, depending on the selected value on the dropdownlist. Markup: ViewModel: Then my question is: How do I modify my DropDownListFor, so the countryId is being set automatically? :-) Thanks a lot! I really enjoy learning Knockout, but this one has taken me a long time!
It ' s a progress bar ! : ) Setting makes it a rotating circle rather than a classic progress bar . There are several different styles you can use . Play around with them to find the one you like : ) Hope this helps ! 
ISpellChecker is an interface, not a defined class. Therefore any class implementing that interface can be 'injected' into TextEditor. Whoever creates TextEditor can determine what implementation of ISpellChecker it uses. And this answer describes Dependency Injection, nothing to do with IoC.
bad since update the screen freezes when i use rocket    please fix this problem   game was fine before latest update
i like it because i enjoy it the picture is very small
i am working on iphone app, at once it started showing me error, with no exception, i am really afraid of this error, can any one tell me why this is happening?
I am new to .NET in general, so I hope this isn't too n00b of a question. I'm looking to write a Silverlight app that interacts with a MSSQL DB using LINQ. Do I absolutely, positively have to use a seperate WCF service? It seems there are security implications, but this would be on a completely trusted network. Thanks in advance
@PhilipOakley excellent suggestion! I hadn't used `cherry-pick` before but that worked quite well. If you post as an answer I'll accept.
@MrChrister : The actualOrderNumber is relied on by multiple legacy app. Changing it would be extremely problematic. The end-user-visible order number is also used in several apps; adding a new field is do-able but hard. An obscuring "format" outside the persistence layer is TSTTCPW (I think).
Is it possible ( or desirable ? ! ) to set up to behave more ? For example , instead of writing why can ' t I just write Similarly , instead of why not just 
Because, we don't care for this in cases where we there is no node that is down.
One example is if you provide a custom in . Obviously calling wrong will likely produce devastating results . 
No worries, just run some tests and see what fits better your usecase!
Ah, excellent! :)
@DonQuestion Yep. My account is domain admin so it should be ok... really annoying problem! arg
Use Web Essentials... it works really great, and has lots of other useful tidbits!
widget locks up my galaxy s3 this a very beautiful looking app and i like it a lot but it regularly locks up the homescreen widget  the clock freezes and the weather status locks up with the status "locating". my phone is a samsung galaxy s3 running on 4.1.1 based in the uk. hope this info helps solve the issue as this app is definitely worth a full 5 stars if it were not for it locking up. please fix this and i'll even purchase the add free pro version ;-)
Notably, the debugger shows the string *with* escape characters. When the string is printed in the console, the escape characters are not included. "\"code\"" vs. "code". This 100 character limit is very annoying as it prevents you from copying, say, a long JSON string and then immediately pasting that string (escape characters included) as a test string variable in your code.
for debugging purpose in a somewhat closed system, I have to output text in a file. Does anyone knows of a tool that runs on windows ( console based or not ) that detects changes to a file and outputs them in real-time ?
Let's say that I have an Android library that has FILE_NAME Foo in it.
The last thing you should be worrying about is how fast one of these is. There is no way that checking a string for being an integer is going to be a bottleneck in your code.
And with a network that tolerates almost everything to get a mail somehow in the right place, it is only seldom noticed (or when it is, it is blamed on Microsoft.
That being said, the JARs you see there only support JPA, not core Hibernate.
Aha,, thanks for the information. That makes sense. Glad to hear that it helped! :)
That way you often don't need to implement CODE_FRAGMENT at all manually.
I swear - I don ' t put pseudo code I get told off for having bad variable names and things that don ' t match ... I put pseudocode and I still get grief ! 
not so grand the features are great if they work  which unfortunately is nearly never. constantly loses connection to the server when i'm on stable wifi  crashes continuously  doesn't keep up the stream to chat and doesn't like to load lootables at all. this app hasn't been updated in over a year and it's easy to see the lack of support.
Starting with the socket IO, since Java 7 the NIO API has been available, which means you can leave the threading required to prevent blocking the main thread to the OS.
awesome connectivity but freezes! freezes constantly on my s3. i'm pretty upset i just paid. $5 and cant even play out of fear of freezing/losing all progress. i'd really appreciate it if tge devs would try to fix it
You should really take a look at sprox ( ). It builds on RESTController, is very straight forward, well documented (imo), generates forms and validation "magically" from your database and leaves you with a minimum of code to write. I really enjoy working with it. Hope that helps you :)
I added an example of how to use the wrapText function. Good luck with your project!
well, without binding I only managed with: it redraws everything...
I am designing a contact form which has a 'Thank you' message pop up on send, I need my thank you message to be positioned relative, other wise if the user happens to scroll while the animation is running the message remains stuck in place and ruins the animation. However positing the div relative keeps it in the position before it loads, what I need is a way to have the div display:none or opacity:0 BEFORE the send button is pressed, is that possible? Here is an to explain what I'm trying to achieve a little better And below is the Javascript I'm using Any help would be really appreciated :) Thanks guys!
I don ' t think it ' s a matter of which language is better . In the . NET world there are some inconsistencies between the libraries different languages provide . There are certain functionality that is available in VB . NET that you might like to use from C # but can ' t . I remember I had to use J # to use some ZIP libraries that were not available in any other language in . NET . 
I have never parsed ini files, so I can't be too specific on this issue. But i have one advice: Don't reinvent the wheel as long as an existing one meets your requirements Good luck :)
@awied: you also need to worry about the situation in which a user accessibility application is driving your program.
in our continuous integration setup we use SVNRevisionLabeller and pass the variables from this to MSBuild to use when creating the compiled website dll. It's then available to .NET using GetCurrentAssembly() in the final build.
Since I've been working with the built-in Microsoft Charting Controls in .NET 4.0 lately (and loving every minute of it!), I thought I'd take a crack at answering my own question...
So in other words, it would be a bug to recieve a non workday in this example.
I wouldn't worry too much about memory consumption unless you either have an insane number of tracks or several different maps floating around.
Very useful question and an excellent answer ! Thanks
If I use a nvarchar(n) column as a clustered index on a SQL Server database, am I going to suffer a significant performance hit compared to a numeric (int) index? Also how does the performance of compound indexes compare?
Ok , here ' s one way of doing this , but it ' s terrible ! I ' m still looking for an easier way : 
In the below code, a book time is a period of time in which appointments can be made.
I ' ve been reading about MVC design for a while now and it seems officially the View calls objects and methods in the Model , builds and outputs a view . I think this is mainly wrong . The Controller should act and retrieve / update objects inside the Model , select an appropriate View and pass the information to it so it may display . Only crude and rudiementary PHP variables / simple if statements should appear inside the View . If the View gets the information it needs to display from the Model , surely there will be a lot of PHP inside the View -- completely violating the point of seperating presentation logic . 
How do I consume a key event in javascript, so that it doesn't propagate?
There ' s always the poor man ' s alternative of just loading a bajillion individual frames as . gif / jpg / png and having javascript display them in sequence . It would be absolutely horrible for bandwidth and memory usage , and of course no audio , but it would ( somewhat ) simulate video being played . Of course , on Windows platforms , you could use ActiveX and / or embed media player and play avi / wmv files as well , without ever touching flash . 
That ' s what I was thinking , but I am afraid it will bring confusion to the structure . I will need to add " Set children " field to parent class which should not be used anywhere in the code , only for hibernate cascade deletion . Do you think it is ok ? 
Don't rely on Lucene to strip them, do it yourself.
The problem is exact what mysql is telling you : you have too much data for one table. Not only the number of fields are counting towards them, but also their size.. But the real problem is in your database design, you have designed a table that is crying out for help : 'split me up, split me up!' You should your design ..
airplane mode :/ i know you can't do anything about it  but the lack of airplane mode scheduling in kitkat just sucks. other features are very useful.
RegEx is a horrible option for performing replaces on a large amount of text. As powerful as it is, many RegEx proponents see all the world as a nail and RegEx as their hammer. For use cases involving large amounts of text, look at FastReplacer http://stackoverflow.com/a/11442008/141172
Release candidate 1 is now available may be worth trying that.
Ok here is a patch that works. I was stupid enough not to see it...
Is there a keyboard shortcut or macro to collapse all regions in Visual Studio's toolbox? (Failing either of those, I'll take an addin that allows this!)
nice but it is nice but when it log we cannot take picture
I doubt that you will find that much help , considering this is a technique usually reserved for malicious usage ( bots , etc ) . 
I think it's time to just close this issue.
Please not that in the above code CODE_FRAGMENT method will close not only the CODE_FRAGMENT object itself but also its underlining stream ( i.e. keyboard input ).
Wow, it works! Thanks.
Same server, i'm using phpMyAdmin and its being a pain saying i'm not using it the right context!?
You shouldn't rewrite history (rebase) after you've already pushed. If someone else pulls from that remote, and you rebase and push, you'll have terrible terrible merge conflicts.
At a guess , you ' re probably defining your objects in VB as just s , something this : If so , you ' re forcing VB to go through the automation interface ( IDispatch ) . Basically , it doesn ' t know what type you ' re going to assign to until run - time , so it has to invoke methods on that object via IDispatch : : Invoke . To do that , it looks up all the information it needs for an invocation from the object itself at run time . By contrast , your C + + code is probably early - bound , which means offsets into the COM object ' s vtable are compiled directly into your code . In that case , when / if you change the code so those offsets aren ' t valid any more , the code will fail horribly . 
Try to use the System.DateTime class.
You forgot regression tests - it is a real pain for a manual tester to run through hundreds of forms just to check for some basic stuff which could be easier done automatic. Better spare the tester this tedious stuff, so he can concentrate on the nasty testing.
If someone is commonly needing to delete all but the top n rows, I'd argue they've got bigger issues to worry about.
Specifically for bower there looks to be a good maven plugin here.
click on ``Start ''button - > click on`` Control Panel''.
no i got errors saying undefined, the swf code loads the other pages such as back buttons etc. it very frustrating tearing my hair out!
It's technically possible to achieve this in T-SQL with nested loops and embedded queries. All hugely ugly in T-SQL. Far easier to do it in a language that's more general purpose.
Store the valid strings in a CODE_FRAGMENT, and decide whether a string is a valid day or not based on CODE_FRAGMENT.
I have discovered a mode in , where I can instantly change all same variables . When I am in this mode I get a box around the same variables and I can change one and instantly all others change . I do not know how to enter this mode " by will " , I just entered it " randomly " . Therefore , I really appreciate your suggestions , how to enter this mode , because it is extremely useful to me ! PS . : I am using NO plugins , just a plain new eclipse installation with java ! 
I'm not familiar with Seam specifically, but I've seen this same problem come up when working with XSLT and other XML-based frameworks. There are generally two solutions: Rethink your page and data architecture so that the entire list written depending on a single condition. This may require a loop inside the s:fragment. Wrap the offending non-valid fragment html in a <![CDATA[ ... ]]>
Your library should be named , with symlinks of and both pointing to that. The library should be created using in the linker command line (or on the gcc command line). Hope that helps!
If you need portable Python audio library try . It certainly has a mac port. As for mp3 files: it's certainly doable in "raw" Python, only I'm afraid you'd have to code everything yourself :). If you can afford some external library I've found some here.
If you use CODE_FRAGMENT, the loop will terminate and CODE_FRAGMENT will be reached.
Excellent! On a Mac as well... I'll look into railsapi.com. Thank you for your help!
It's very painful to add multiple tickets to Trac or to have it as your own todo list. That causes people to use their own task management tools so tasks are then spread all around. Is there any plugin or macro that would quicken the process of adding a ticket?
When I sum 3 hours to my midnight I get 04:00:00!
No, they've stopped working again and gone back to the 403 forbidden message. Incredibly annoying.
No , the output is not the same ; one is a Unicode value , the other an undecoded bytes value . For ASCII , that looks the same , but when you load any web page that uses characters outside the ASCII characterset , the difference will be much clearer . Take UTF - 8 encoded data , for example : That ' s a simple U + 2013 EN DASH character . The bytes representation shows the 3 bytes UTF - 8 uses to encode the codepoint . You really want to read up on Unicode vs . encoded data here , I recommend : The Absolute Minimum Every Software Developer Absolutely , Positively Must Know About Unicode and Character Sets ( No Excuses ! ) by Joel SpolskyThe Python Unicode HOWTOPragmatic Unicode by Ned Batchelder 
You can try out , it allow prototyping with different styles, what's more, it can make interactive prototype and run it in browser.
You could use an incredibly ugly workaround and set a form full of hidden fields to submit when you click a link. I really wouldn't recommended it though.
far from as cool as smartglass i went with a ps4 rather than the xbox one  but i do miss smart glass. they need to make this app enable the voice features  and things like the store should be built-in  not a browser link.
My suggestion is to keep track of whether or not you're showing an error at that choke point. If you have lots of places that are doing it, you'd need to synchronize them somehow, e.g. delegate to a singleton object that is responsible for displaying the UI, or use a mutex or something.
this api stinks, it is terribly designed and has lots of bugs!
That would be very awesome , thanks ! If you do post it I will likely contribute ... 
Look the documentation of InputStream #read ( byte [ ] b ).
Excellent!!! This is exactly what I am looking for!
I too am using ideas from Rob ' s pattern and for now am updating Pure . Krome . But i think concurrency is too vital to ignore and should be a habit of any enterprise application developer . I ' m ignoring it for now , but it will go in my later iterations . I would really love to see how your approach turns out David . 
great apps works well and looks great. lots of available providers. from the 5 or so apps i've tested  deliveries seems to support the most.  i submitted a bug report when statuses from one of the providers wasn't working as expected. the developer promptly got back to me and fixed the issue.   only feature i would like is auto-detection of provider based on the tracking number. but as a fellow programmer i understand the challenges presented by such a feature  so this doesn't affect my rating.
I see that over on this question there is a request to say how to do something using LINQ to see if a property matches in a collection . However , is this the fastest reasonable process by which to do this ? I will be deploying something that requires a certain amount of resource management , and I want the application to be as responsive as can be , without making the code terribly hard to decipher when someone else , or myself come back to it later . 
Have you considered overriding the administrative templates for the models in question? This provides an excellent overview of the process. In this particular situation, having a finer-grained level of control may be the best way to achieve the desired result.
We have a watchguard appliance at work and I'm able to connect to it using just the standard VPN client that's available under linux through NetworkManager (left click on NetworkManager -> VPN Connections -> Configure VPN)
FEAR!!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks, everyone! I learned something extremely valuable :D So Linux doesn't stop at the 26th value?
How to set the default proxy for Internet Explorer in C# .net? I wanna make a browser capable of searching for a valid proxy in a .txt file and using it. The IP and Port used with the set default proxy command are valid however, the command itself does absolutely nothing. The only way I've found to use a proxy with a VS2013 .net browser is by adding it manually to IE which is incredibly useless.
so it comes with the server.
No buddy , You can ' t simply upgrade ZF1 to ZF2 . In case you need you move to ZF2 be sure that ZF2 is not just an upper version of ZF1 but the whole Architecture is also changed . So , If you really need to move then 1 . Firstly you will need to remove ZF1 library completely . 2 . Install ZF2 package . 3 . Now make changes in your code to work accordingly with ZF2 as most of the things will stop working once to move to ZF2 . However , I would suggest don ' t migrate to ZF2 just for the sake of upgrading , migrate only if you dont have any other choice . As this is a very painful task . have a good luck . 
Lately, bringing the help window from Visual Studio is taking a long time. Even updating the help system takes an awful long time. Is there something broken with my installation?
Restart your Tomcat ( important ).
I have a video player that loads progressive flv video from a server and applies a reflection to it. I do this by creating a bitmapData object and then drawing the video to it. This worked absolutely fine until we moved our content from testing server to Amazon S3. Now there is no reflection. Can anyone explain why this is happening and even suggest a solution? p.s. i am using Flash 8 AS2. thanks
I now get it why it is sometimes facetiously referred to as the "Hollywood Principle: Don't call us, we'll call you"
You don't have to base64-encode the access token before use.
And on that note , if there is a library out there that does , that will do fine : ) 
How large is the file? Can it fit in memory?
excellent app for galaxy s4 the major lack (to me) on my gs4 is that the home screen will not rotate to landscape mode. this app resolves the problem.  i have a feature request: the app has to be manually started each time the phone restarts  then the setting has to be selected  then the "close" button selected.   an autostart option with a selectable default mode would make this the ideal app.
Strings containing XML is an extremely bad idea and asking for trouble . Use messages that have a defined schema . I had to rewrite significant portions of an app that used a lot of XML internally instead of types . It was horribly slow and impossible to figure out what was happening . 
? i cant open the app and deactivate. i want to unintall it. plz help me
How do I get this string into the form of a JSONArray so that I can access it's elements.
When using sIFR on the titles (.content h1.pagetitle) in my WP theme, it somehow messes up the spacing and pushes the title down. The actual flash video is the same size as the font, so I think it has something to do with CSS, though I've tried just about everything I could think of and can't get it lined up properly. Here's a link to the site: Any help would be absolutely appreciated :) Sean
The search term on both Stackoverflow and PInvoke . net yields zero results , so this should be worth asking . I ' ve been fiddling around on MSDN and looking through Win SDK * . h files all day , and feeling a bit out of my element . I ' m basically attempting to query the MSRPC endpoint mapper with managed code . Here is what I have so far : The above code isn ' t complete , but it illustrates my point . The code consistently returns : RpcMgmtEpEltIngNext : 87 87 meaning Parameter is Incorrect according to . So I ' m basically stumped at this point , and I ' m sure it ' s because of my extremely crappy PInvoke code . 
So for example if I need to run Git Pull in the commandline, I need to specify the full path to everything...? That's really annoying.
Can't find any manual about changing width of taglist element size. Taglist element is wider than icons I had set. It looks really awful =( Screenshot:
+1 for both the answer and the comments. Priceless :)
I would go with omnithreadlibrary, it's very productive, btw. look at omnixml also, these libs are extremely helpful!
in my database I have these two tables (Project and Theme). I also have a middle table called Project_Theme which contains ProjectID and Theme. In Theme there are about 15 values pre-setted. I am able to display all these themes into checkboxes however I don't know how to save them in my database. Here is my controller : Here is my model : And my second model : Finally here is my create view : So please if there is anyone that could help me, It would be really great :)
How to find a whose is and is ?
No. is one of Perforce's competitors.
@NathanSmith Great success! If you submit that as an answer instead of a comment, I'll accept it!
Dave, very nice!! I didn't know that was in there. Now that I know what to look for, I was able to find an article with a small code sample on how to use it: On a related note, I also found the that looks extremely easy to use.
If you're looking for a free alternative to Red Gate's most excellent SQL Compare, you might want to check SQLDBDigg made by . It's what I used until I caved and bought SQL Compare.
Did it work? If it did you can also accept the answer by clicking the check mark beside it. It is a nice step to take =P
We are currently using PDE to automatically build features and our complete product. It works quite well. Make sure you use the right script for product build or feature build. EDIT: We've now migrated to , which has an excellent command line interface.
Maybe someone knows how to disable content assist only on 'else' keyword when working with PHP source editor in Aptana? As I really, really hate it with this keyword, because after newest release it's really messing with my workflow as after entering 'else' and pressing enter it replaces it with: and sometimes it decides to get rid of indents completely. Mind you I don't want to disable content assist completely, I just want to disable it for 'else' keyword.
@ Styxxy , It looks the GPMC is explicitly designed for AD GPO ' s and / or doesn ' t support modifying GPO values , and the process for tracking registry values doesn ' t seem to apply to many of the Local GP ' s that can be modified in the gpedit . msc interface ( procmon shows no registry changes while making the change ) . Example : 2012SP1 : " Computer Configuration \ Windows Settings \ Security Settings \ Local Policies \ User Rights Assignment \ Perform volume maintenance tasks " add / remove SID to the list . If you or anyone can provide some assistance that would be extremely helpful ! Thanks ! 
I want to show my own custom image for facebook connect. How can I do it?
@talnicolas I'm using it a few dozen times in my class. It's heavy to write, not easy to read and very painful to debug. I'm sorry, I didn't think the question was that subjective, maybe someone should move it to PROGRAMMERS!?
Some people are evidently typing in CAPTCHAs to look at porn.
In VS 2008 , there are XML code snippets that seem to be pretty awesome : ) However , it seems that the snippets we created do not indent properly . For example if we have the following code : We get something : Is there any way to make it so that all lines keep the same indentation ? 
I would be extremely appreciative if anybody can help me. I am learning C++ and I have been trying figure this one out. Basically, VS C++ Express does not come with the .DEF template. What other way can I go about creating this file? Is there a parameter I can set in VS so that the linker can create this on the fly? Thanks!!!
? the bonus is really great
I'm afraid I gave up and switched to django instead!
In production I would assume that you are configuring either a CODE_FRAGMENT or a CODE_FRAGMENT.
It's very painful to add multiple tickets to Trac or to have it as your own todo list. That causes people to use their own task management tools so tasks are then spread all around. Is there any plugin or macro that would quicken the process of adding a ticket?
Why do you need to have the encryption of the passphrase reversible? That's not generally desirable.
I also registered a new tag in CODE_FRAGMENT file as below.
I have two loops running in my code, I want to use an element from an array as the key in a second array, but am unsure how to do this with Smarty. "" contains an integer (pulled from the db) I want to use that value as the key in a second loop, which runs fine if I harcode in the integer: Pseudo code for the sort of thing I've been trying is: But of course, this doesn't work! Can anybody help?
last update good job but error after last update please fix it soon
No worries, you should really try to learn css, it helps alot!
It is all good, I found this to be very helpful. The following article is excellent !
Yes, the question mentioned it won't work. I was trying to describe why it wasn't terribly important to even try to do it that way.
Yes. You make me sad :(
and XPath... XQuery is more what you are looking for if a SQL structure is desirable.
Great, excellent links. Thanks for the help!
Of course it will works fine if only you know how many tasks you have.
OR do whatever you need to to make the bottom, left and right borders look right and then just hide the top border with this hacky code: . Then feel really guilty about using it.
The CODE_FRAGMENT header is filled by the CODE_FRAGMENT based on the URL.
My application has a frame that is loaded/navigated when certain top-level buttons are clicked. The problem is, one of the hosted pages has a frame of it's own, and is messing with the outer frame's navigation bar (clicking back and forward navigates the inner frame, as well as the outer frame). Is there any way to have the outer frame's navigation control only worry about its immediate contents?
So to do this I would keep a list of axes and when I delete the contents of one I would swap it out with a full one. I think the example below solved the problem (or at least gives an idea of how to solve it): The extremely ugly for loop construct is really just a placeholder to give an example of how the axes can be swapped.
Excellent ! It works this : [ code ] extern " C " { 
I want to know what is good start point to work on creating own GUI on iphone / objective - c . I ' ve never done this part before , and I know I ' m kinda attracted to make my own slick GUI , something convertbot , which I really love : ) Any suggestion would be appreciated ! Thanks 
The documentation for the minitest - ci gem ( seemingly the only option for producing test results for a CI tool such as Jenkins ) has the extremely annoying habit of not preserving the results of when invoked as - the test results from running minitest : models are deleted prior to running the rest of the tests . minitest - ci ' s barely - extant documentation claims adding this to test _ helper . rb will disable the troublesome auto - clean behavior , but it doesn ' t : Has anyone out there managed to get minitest - ci to preserve all the test result files ? I ' m reaching wits ' end here . 
While there are modules that need a Spring context since they just wrap parts of the domain model we think that some of our APIs do not.
Is there a way to grep for only calls that over a certain amount of time?
Let ' s imagine something this : Later I can do something this : Is there any way I can set the limit when using the named query , and not when defining it ? I ' d would really love to do something : or Thx in advance ! : - ) 
This is a method in Java, that(when k == 0) in int[] arr has one of k-combination int[] intems. In variable iloczyn is calculated product of elements in this combination. In tmp is calculated sum of all such products. Unfortunately, System.out.println(tmp) shows, that when function ends, tmp equals 0. This is very sad, because i need this variable for next calculations. What shoud I do?
Added bounty to see if I can get a full answer (ideally: the code snippet that, when added above, answers the question).
I have a Java application that's very String-heavy - it takes a feed of huge numbers of big, different String objects. Do I need to worry about the String Constant Pool for memory and performance? Is there any way to see how big the pool is at any point?
the question just came to me from a different team . The question was " how to query the users in the exchange server ' s particular User group " . Its said that the Exchange server user group is not linked to an Ad group . The examples i could get are all for querying based on AD group . I heard there are two ways either through SQL or through DirectoryServices . Either solution is fine , but through DirectoryServices will be super awesome ! Thanks again ! 
Try using a instead. I don't think HashMaps guarantee order. output
Its really sad :( to hear "We cann't fix Footer or Header view".. it always get scroll with rows.
Do you have any JNI in your application code? Then maybe you need to worry about 32 vs. 64 bit native binaries. 32 or 64 is all the same to your Java code. The performance aspects already seem well covered by previous posters.
I recommend juanagui's answer as it deals with pasting in non-numeric data http://stackoverflow.com/a/2673131/755404
I have run into this too . It is very annoying ! Here ' s why it might be happening . The width of your li items , plus any margins is more than the width of # maincontainer . That means the last li item spills over # maincontainer and the script will want to move that last bit in , leaving an extra click . One way to check this : assign an id to the last li , and make the width less , and see if that doesn ' t fix it . If so you need to make the # maincontainer wider . 
I mean when the form is posted.
Is there any need any more to profile with Leaks now that we can use ARC (which incidentally is absolutely fantastic and really speeds up development!)
I'm against such heavy committing myself, without some consensus to do so.
The responder seemed to be a bottleneck.
This is excellent! :)
wow the reaction time on this by you guys was amazing xD I'll give everyone +1 once I get to the 15 rep ^_^ Thank you so much everyone!
To be honest I don ' t even know where to start . I guess the solution might entail using a zillion IIf statements . I ' m fairly new to this I ' m afraid ! 
Oh man ... it's a fucking precendence problem.
This is great! Thanks +1
Try . It's free, it has very good , excellent where you can see all the features in action. It has all functions you want and many more.
Read [The Absolute Minimum Every Software Developer Absolutely, Positively Must Know About Unicode and Character Sets (No Excuses!)](http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/Unicode.html). Python files should be written in ASCII (although you can enter Unicode characters if you set the encoding).
Note you can also export to TXT (as you said you need to in your answer further down, jazzrai).
I want to use the mouse scrollwheel in my OpenGL GLUT program to zoom in and out of a scene? How do I do that?
I believe in relativity :-)
I know its possible to convert an image to CS_GRAY using however, this is a chokepoint of my entire program. I need to do this often, on 800x600 pixel images and takes about 200-300ms for this operation to complete, on average. I know I can do this alot faster by using one for loop to loop through the image data and set it right away. The code above on the other hand constructs a brand new 800x600 BufferedImage that is gray scale. I would rather just transform the image I pass in. Does any one know how to do this with a for loop and given that the image is RGB color space?
In our eternal quest to integrate Javascript into our RSpec and Cucumber workflow we're evaluating and are provisionally very excited about it. Any advice on Culerity in general or specifically as compared to Selenium?
That's horrible!!
Compare these two methods: Aside from the method signatures (bar can declare instead of ), is there any practical difference between the two methods? To be clear: I'm aware that this is a horrible approach to exception handling, and should not be done!
I've been having a spam problem on my site, where people sign up and act extremely abusive to other users of my site. I can easy IP ban them, except they always come back under a different IP address through a proxy or TOR. So I was curious if there are any php classes or functions that can look up the IP and determine if its a genuine user, or someone behind a proxy, in which case it would muzzle their accounts upon registration.
So, using... It outputs CODE_FRAGMENT for me.
I have hit this too. No solution as yet. This is very worrying though!
Note you can use memcmp() on non static stuctures without worrying about padding, as long as you don't initialise all members (at once). This is defined by C90:
We ' re using TFS and we ' re having problems when we switch branches , it ' s throwing up problems with the TFS bindings every single time . We still have . vspcc files . vsscc files which is I ' m guessing where it stores the bindings , does anyone have any advice on how to easily switch between branches in TFS without pain ? 
5 stars this is exactly what i am looking for. thank you so much.
CODE_FRAGMENT Terminates the current line by writing the line separator string.
unable to sign in with facebook i like to play this game but am not able to sign in with facebook. when i touch  the facebook icon it just shakes then freezes and then just kicks me out of the game. how can i fix this problem or can the developers please fix?? if the problem can be fixed i will give more stars. please help me!!! ?
- I know the exact contents of the CSV files so I don't have to worry about escaping characters, etc.. - I used dotTrace by JetBrains for Profiling. - I actually use Code Project CsvReader in other parts of my code - Performance is important in this piece of code, which was the reason I asked
I know the question is very broad but please help me thanks.
Unfortunately, in these days where everyone that can put a CD. the right way up in a drive is a Linux/Unix/Windows/Internet Expert, this has become pretty common."
the game constantly freezes. very frustrated since update. the game freezes and goes to green screen. i have to restart tablet every time to get game to respond. fix?
Sorry, but look at mapSubtract and further down in the source you will find plenty.
Excellent! Thank you for your perseverence :)
I don't think that it is possible to compare a shelved version with a local version in Visual Studio, however I'll be very happily corrected on the matter.
help love this game but now it wont let me sell my fish. it freezes and crashes. please fix!
There is no TCP multicast, I'd vote this down, but I don't have enough reputation.
FILE_NAME is instantiated inside an ItemProcessor bean ( spring batch ).
I cannot recommend higher than you reading through the postings of Bart De Smet ( ) , he is really brilliant when it comes to Lambda . His recent series covered dynamic Lambda , starting with Absolutely beautiful code . 
Is there any way to have a statement across multiple lines without the underscore character? It is really annoying in multi-line strings such as SQL statements, and especially LINQ queries. Beside from the ugliness and difficulty when changing a line (nothing lines up anymore) you can't use comments in the middle of the multi-line statement. Examples of my daily personal hell.
I should have been very careful before doing this.
This method behaves as though it invokes print ( String ) and then println ( ).
Maybe the answers might just be more insightful if I remove the limitations ... I can ' t just " take the time " since there are a finite number of hours on this contract . Almost the entire code needs to be refactored . I am trying to identify the areas that will reduce the immediate pain . 
Thank you Gumbo , I suppose this ' ll have to do . I would ' ve liked a more concise solution but thank you anyway , I never knew this js - uri class existed ! 
I've done some easy .hover(function() statement in jQuery. When i hover over a text i simply want a #div.fadeIn, and on non-hover fadeOut. It works. But it's just if i spam the text-trigger with hover and un-hoverring really quickly and then stop the animation begin to give a blinking effect. It just kind of loops, really annoying!
awesome love it i am a space type a person i need to know what direction is what
Great question and great answers!!! Thanks guys!!
@grieve Marshalled python objects are tied to a specific version of Python (from [the marshal docs](http://docs.python.org/2/library/marshal.html)), but not being tied to a specific version of Perforce is definitely a bonus to using the command line.
I running an exe from a .NET app and trying to redirect standard out to a streamreader. The problem is that when I do myprocess.exe >> out.txt out.txt is close to 14mb. When I do the command line version it is very fast but when I run the process from my csharp app it is excruciatingly slow because I believe the default streamreader flushes every 4096 bytes. Is there a way to change the default stream reader for the Process object?
I am building the Android OS on Mac OSX (Lion), and Eclipse as an IDE. I am trying to understand certain parts of the OS however this requires performing many searches throughout the project. These searches take 5 or 10 minutes on Eclipse, and the way they are presented is also extremely annoying. Also, I need a separate editor to open up the native files found in the OS, since if they are opened in Eclipse there is no color coding of the C++ syntax. I feel that Eclipse is really slowing me down - can anyone suggest a better IDE for browsing the Android OS (preferably free)?
There are some really great answers here that I wholeheartedly agree with!
I guess that works , but I ' d never do that . It ' s screaming bad practice . Think about code readability etc .. Come back to your code in six months and figure out all the function calls inside your HTML markup . 
Can you be any more specific about the scenario you have in mind? "Optimization" is a terribly broad category.
Great! Awesome! thanks,Dims
First I was afraid to ask such "simple" question, but it was worth it!
Aye this is the precise issue I suffer with VS2005 + Resharper. I just want it to boot quicker.
I ' ve added to my answer to show a " code once and still be scalable " way of defining your font sizes . Good luck with your project ! 
How can I get my Error, Logcat, Debug, etc. tabs to go back to the bottom-middle of Eclipse? For some reason, they moved up between the Package Explorer and the code editor in a vertical arrangement - I really hate it when sections of an IDE break off and dock to some seemingly arbitrary area.
You need to or if you target Windows Phone 8.1 . And port you code to DirectX 11 the call is . It will be painful ! You will still use this feature level . 
Even in your own parsing approach, you can make it faster by returning the enum when you parse the list.
bq. this is solr's fault by having a getter that does some heavy duty xml shit.
Give her full access, if she wants it. She's supposed to manage the project you are developing, and to do that efficiently, she might need to be able to look at any part of the project. Of course, there's always danger that she might do something stupid or malicious. If you have as part of your process auditing of any changes, you'll be able to find out if she messes anything.
Thanks for this, I didn't know about fluid. Great little piece of software!
I need to do a strange task . I want to move whole android system to external SD card on Android Virtual Device . I need to do this , because android emulator , emulates SD commands , only for external card image . And I want to get SD commands trace , during Android Virtual Device usage . To be more precise : I want to move at least / system and / data folders to external storage . In such way , that system could still work fine = ) Thank You ! 
Ensure FILE_NAME contains CODE_FRAGMENT or that your manifest hierarchy points to FILE_NAME that contains FILE_NAME.
This is the old syntax that is now deprecated. BACKUP LOG is the preferred method.
I found the answer! It appears to be an issue with sending to the development device tokens. Like most people, we have a database that stores the device tokens, and the earlier records were populated with our device tokens from testing. As soon as I net out those device tokens from my list, all works! I really hope someone finds this useful!
Not sure what you mean by "child form". Perhaps it's a button on a panel on a form? Or is it a MDI thing? Or is the child form a dialog box?
constant crashes. samsung galaxy sii   the app freezes as soon as i open it. i got it to open once and it looked pretty cool. i'll keep it and hope for a fix soon.
Excellent. This just saved me hours of work.
Thank you dunni for your help, you've put me on the right path.
If it's of any use to anyone, I made a . It removes the oldest item (bottom of stack) when it gets too big. (This question was the top Google result for "C# limit stack size")
But it was not the only issue: we also want to manage priorities between the tasks, but we need to read them to get enough information to make the right priorities.
Hi I am developing an android app a musicplayer.It works well except when you hit back key of your phone. It keeps playing song in back ground which is very desirable,but when you open the application again to pause or stop it does not works . I guess a new instance of the application is created on opening the app again. I dont want to create a new instance i want to open the older one to stop it.I hope i am clear.Is there any way to do this.
You can also retrieve the item by calling API_NAME ( ``Test1 '') and it will return the item associated with Test1.
Seems a duplicate question . Please see excellent answer for " [ Should Usings be inside or outside the namespace ] [ 1 ] " [ 1 ] : http : / / stackoverflow . com / questions / 125319 / should - usings - be - inside - or - outside - the - namespace 
Here's a Perl solution Here's a Ruby solution Here's a Ruby one-liner solution: What the one-liner is doing is using a regular expression substitution of the first character of each word with the uppercase version of it.
I have a controller which has a few actions , which are triggered by hitting various buttons on the page . I would like to have a default action , but am unsure how to annotate the method . Here is an example : How can I annotate a method which will act on a POST with any submit button pressed with no key selected ? I have tried : I ' d really hate it if I had to set required = false on each of the methods which take RequestParams and then conditionally check to see if one comes in or not ... Is there a way to annotate this to work properly ? 
How do I select which function is to be called during run-time?
I really despise SWFObject for this very reason. Maybe you could give a try
When I slide to a next image, or when the slider/carousel automatically switches to the next image the previous image disapears too fast, which gives it an extremely ugly look. I've made a video to make clear what I mean, can be checked over here. Anyone has an idea? Code for the carousel:
I don't think there is an official naming convention, but i've seen that Microsoft use m_ in the Microsoft.VisualBasic dll (via reflector).
That would be really great if you share link to the example.
documentation of using the DOM api.
I will figure out the details and do the port later this week if you don't get to it first.
@interjay you are right. Corrected the post above.
I have this strange problem on my web page where if you click below the left side-panel, all the links get highlighted. It happens in firefox, not IE. I don't know why its only the side-panel that it happens to. Its not really a big deal but its extremely annoying to me, is there any way to stop it? If you want to check it out, the site is
it is fun loving it
The effect I believe you are seeking is achieved by providing a HeaderTemplate for the TabItem's in you Tab collection. Hope this helps!
Please close as this is just me being stupid.
When contributing to a very old, and apparently no longer maintained, open-source or public domain project, is it suggested practice to follow the original author's coding style even if it is terrible? More importantly, are there any reasons why one would want to follow the original author's coding style rather than clean it up significantly?
Yes, I hate how Skype tries to use port 80... I sometimes forget to change it, and then when I try to test some web thing I've written, Apache won't start.
I did it wrong this time.
if / when you figure this out - you definitely need to share it back to the world .. I ' d love something this ! 
Yeah I agree, I use igoogle to read all the news at one place, check my gmail, gcalender, etc.
I apologize if I missed anything obvious.
I am unable keep selection after locking model of grid. My code is as below.
I'm using vncviewer and everytime I try to change the resoultion the window closes.
Excellent ! Works exactly I wanted . Thanks . 
Absolutely. Don't be afraid to just try stuff out!
problem with room upgrades:/ guys  your taking it to literally. the rain bottles dont literally make it rain in the game  it just attracts bugs when your family member dumps it in the yard. bugs dont come everytime you use a bottle either. ive used several bottles and only have three bugs. you have to be patient(: i do have a complaint though. every time i try to upgrade a career room  it puts this spoon-like thing in my tray and wont upgrade a room. please fix! i cant even get my money back either:( please please fix last day of work.
Consider the following example: In the above example, inside filterOccupied I have to use four for matching type. This becomes really painful when the records has more than ten fields. Is there a better way to do this ?
I exchanged emails with Marc-Andr Cournoyer of about supporting Delphi on his site. Since his site uses to do syntax highlighting, and it uses syntaxes, he needs a Delphi syntax for TextMate. Turns out it has a already, so it is 90% of the way there. Does anyone know where I might find one that has already been updated for Delphi? A Delphi Prism / Oxygene one would be great too!
I realise this is probably an absolutely horrible way to do a query, and of course its not working. The point of it is to select users based on a date range and a keyword.
You can try the (very) comprehensive jeff's OR go with this simple workaround: And then declare the attribute as an integer: This worked very fine for me! =D
> then we don't save IO by limiting the buffer size to 1 KB.I'm confused by this.
EXCELLENT ! works magic , just what i needed 
has a good website intro to sql. If anyone wants a book, the first several chapters of book are an excellent intro. Much better than the text book from my database class. If anyone wants to explore relational database concepts, seems to have a good intro. book is also very good on that subject.
He's got a point. This is what started the HTML 5 effort (as "Web Forms 2" by Opera Software).
Using the code above, it should look like this.
We eventually dropped using Filestream. I believe we never could get it to work right with Nhibernate. Good luck!
Cool, will do!  Thanks for the review and good questions... and the whole idea! :)
I recently worked on a product that was targeted to .NET 3.5. Out of hundreds of beta testers, I can probably count on one hand the number that already had .NET 3.5. The rest had to sit through the absolutely painful .NET 3.5 install from microsoft (~30 minutes, and most of the time the progress bar stays near 0 so people think it is broken).
It's not efficient, and it assumes PowerShell 2 but it should do the job: Note that I don't have SharePoint installed so I'm afraid that I can't test this!
Get Updated. Not that I'm that a Java Fan, but I'm working now with a Java Team and they do deserve the respect :) See comment by SztupY
Sorry, yes I believe this has been resolved.
I have a really bad habit of not reading thru all the bug comments before asking questions.
http://stackoverflow.com/a/4105631/1104483. Sad :(
Ignoring how ridiculously lame it is to ask a question and answer it in this fashion seconds later , this is an awful answer , and that is why it is voted down . Why will you only see a small speedup ? Can you provide numbers ? Platforms tested on ? This answer is even more vague than the original question , which was vague to begin with . 
great small file size simple and gets the job done
Sharepoint recognize file types using their extensions. If you are worried about users spreading malicious application/code in your Sharepoint Sites. I suggest you to take a look at . You can modify the excluded extension list under Central Administration > Operations > Blocked File Types.
struct.unpack() returns a tuple. That is why there is a comma at the end of the float. To get the float out of there just ask for the index.
Use API_NAME ( ) instead of API_NAME ( ) to load the extracted binaries.
/me works out more what your code does and screams in agony.
If you're using a general-purpose method which has the signature that's called from any event handler and is passed both the and , it can call , e.g., for logging events, without worrying about a null pointer exception.
Is search and replace the only way to rename as asp control in the code behind file? I find this extremely annoying, but it is the only way I can find. Scenario: I'll find a variable that needs renaming (Usually to meet naming convention) I'll rename the variable in the aspx/ascx file. I'll have to go in the code behind files and search and replace. I get annoyed Are there any better ways - preferably that would not touch a similarly named variable in another scope in the project. I'm on VS2008 with resharper -- does VS2010 address this perhaps?
You're creating an array that is as long as the original array passed in ( which fills all elements with null ), but not necessarily filling all the slots.
Excellent method for minor changes. Just what I was looking for. Thank you.
I am using NHibernate mapping-by-code to map the classes. Sometimes, in order to debug my NHibernate configuration, I would require to check exactly what were the settings passed over to NHibernate, and it is quite difficult do debug the mapping-by-code. Is there any way where you could convert the generated HbmMapping, back into the Xml file, just as if typed by hand? This would help a lot in diagnosing if the problem is lying from my mappings!
Ugh, implicit joins! I want to tear my eyeballs out looking at that.
I'm writing a simple app that's going to have a tiny form sitting in one corner of the screen, updating itself. I'd really love for that form to be transparent and to have the transparency be user-configurable. Is there any easy way to achieve this?
Won't that be horribly distracting?
Yeah, I know, I just can't figure out where the 'private' is coming from. It's very frustrating!
It could also be a problem if you worried about running out of ID too fast (if you expect LOTS of records), since you're only using 1/10 of the range you have storage for.
To further explain: Apple once had a section in their agreement that specifically listed the allowable programming languages C, C++, Objective-C and Javascript. This was cause for a lot of confusion, doubts and fear. Eventually Apple stopped naming the languages. I know for a fact that even while this was in place, a variety of apps were on the store, being published, or in development that used Lua scripting in some way or another.
I have to fetch time stamp from DB and retrieve only time and compare two time.
@KevinB what an excellent resource! That just made my life waaaaay easier!
I currently have speakers set up both in my office and in my living room , connected to my PC via two sound cards , and would like to switch the set of speakers I ' m outputting to on the fly . Anyone know an application or a windows API call that I can use to change the default sound output device ? It is currently a bit of a pain to traverse the existing control panel system . 
pof i used to love this apps since they upgrade the apps i can't send no messages every times i try to send a message error pop up say i have no services please fix this problem.
I can only help if I can see the full (ie. non-compressed) source code. The code included on the website has been modified (from jqDock v1.6 source) and re-compressed, which makes it extremely difficult (understatement!) to tell what has been changed. (I have also responded - with the same answer - to a direct email from the poster)
You can't move the cursor with JavaScript. It would be incredibly annoying anyways.
Voted up because I would like to know as well 
I really enjoy programming in Mathematica, and hence was looking for solutions in it.
Came here to improve my home-grown image resizer and discovered The ImageResizer Library. It's EXCELLENT. +1 for Computer Linguist!
App developers never do what they should :)
x86 processors suffer a "partial register stall" if you, say, write to `ax` and then try to read from `eax`. Something to be aware of if you're mixing 16- and 32-bit operations.
I ' m trying to create some ads in Admob , but on last step I always get error : but it didn ' t specify WHERE . I swear god , there are no errors on whole page , all fields are correctly filled , I see no red shapes around fields , everything match criterias written under fields , but I stil get this error - without any explanation . Has anybody same experiences ? It ' s totally frustrating : ( 
Guava provides a factory method for decorating each ExecutorService as ListeningExecutorService, so you are free to use whatever ExecutorService you had beforehand.
I don't think that's fair, I never got too deep into WPF but what I did, didn't seem to suffer from these issues (in a lot of ways WPF was a more mature UI technology than HTML). The new javascript-based UIs I think work on a node-style event loop so I don't think the ui thread is even an issue. For all its many many faults, Microsoft does deserve some credit for how its dev tools have evolved.
sounds scary !!
HIya 2 working demos for you : or both works fine: Hope this helps, have a good one, cheerios! code:
You can add a util method to your test, something like.
Is there any way I can modify the URL of the current page without reloading the page ? I would like to access the portion before the # hash if possible . I only need to change the portion after the domain , so its not I ' m violating cross - domain policies . 
for me it is super function some times it shows errors or late processing but most of the times its super fine good app  strongly recommended \^/ this time unable to update due to error  after downloading . fix it
It'll work, it is just incredibly annoying and spy-ware-esque.
Would've loved to. But there is no hash_map in the C++ standard library, and PHB's don't allow code outside of that.
I can't get to work a many-to-many relationship using bookshelf.js. Models: Database table "events": Database table "tags": Database table "events_tags": Query that isn't returning what it should: The log outputs: That is: empty array of tags, which is wrong. Question: Is there an issue with my code? the desired output should be: This doesn't help in the question, but I'll throw it anyway: I'm currently hating all ORMs in Node JS! Maybe I should just use a query builder.
That `#define n 10` is scary :( Are you sure you don't intend on using that letter anywhere else?
jQuery chokes on certain JSON keys. I was sending this JSON snippet in PHP: Renaming the 'result' key to something else works. I would guess this is a reserved word collision of some kind, and could be a bug in jQuery (1.4.2).
Is that all the details you get in your C# code, when you catch and log the `SqlException` ?? Anything more could be extremely helpful!
There is a setting in your setup project that will " uninstall " previous versions by default , turn this flag OFF , then you will not have to worry ! 
What have you done so far? You have code to show us?
You need to create DSN in windows 7 using following steps.
Excellent! I got it working with your help.
Is it the JVM that runs out of memory or the Windows process?
Combining NH attributes and some FNH automapping stuff looks very scary. I do not understand it at all but IMO classic ClassMap is much more transparent. You must pay with more key strokes but your head hurts less:). and this code deletes connection and endpoint as well from database:
That ' s a really terrible way to read in all your files . Try this : This will return a list of data frames , each of which is the contents of the corresponding file . Or , if there are other csv files that you don ' t want to read in , you can restrict the specification : And to combine everything into one big data frame : 
JLists don't offer a method for this, and that's very sad. Do you know how to do it?
Added bounty to see if I can get a full answer (ideally: the code snippet that, when added above, answers the question).
I ' m asserting that cloning a VM doesn ' t constituent " easy to do " regardless of your skill set as running the app then ends up being a pain . Others thresholds for " easy " may differ but I don ' t think ( without evidence ) enough will to matter . 
I had similar issue. This article explains why and how to solve it:
Does anyone have a recommendation for an excellent reference on Microsoft ' s ReportViewer ( VS 2008 flavour ) when used in local mode ? I ' m currently using it but parts of it are a bit of a black box so I ' d like to read up on the entire subject . Especially want to start using sub - reports to display more complex parent - child reports . I ' m assuming they work in a similar mode to Crystal Reports with which I ' m reasonably familar . Thanks , Rob . 
FlexMonkey may be more of a pain than it is worth . Gorrilla Logic claims it works with custom components but I have found this is not the case . Anything with a renderer seems to have serious problems . It is a lot harder to set up tests than they claim and the tests aren ' t stable . I have written tests for one component 5 times now using hardcoded ids . Sometimes it just can ' t see the component and it dies . They only have 3 short paragraphs explaining tests in their user guide and they only respond to questions about how to set it up on their google group . I would avoid using this . 
There is a central interface to access this API.
I have a screen with say 20 controls on it. I want to show all twenty, then hide only the ones that don't relate to what I'm working on. My problem is that between the loops the screen paints. It looks very ugly. I know I've seen this done but for the life of me I can't find that code, or even remember what app I'd seen that code in.. Does anyone know how to suspend the paint for a bit?
Let ' s imagine something this : Later I can do something this : Is there any way I can set the limit when using the named query , and not when defining it ? I ' d would really love to do something : or Thx in advance ! : - ) 
error i cant log in to my facebook.. when i try to log in  this game is closed.. please fix it.. thanks
Do any of you know of a tool that will search for . class files and then display their compiled versions ? I know you can look at them individually in a hex editor but I have a lot of class files to look over ( something in my giant application is compiling to Java6 for some reason ) . 
This didn't work for me, just to confirm the port number that needs changing is 1374?
a beautiful and efficient app with one glaringly annoying flaw... this is what got me to a smartphone in the first place  and it remains the best of the best. i miss the labs features  but i like the current incarnation. thanks for putting the scale bar back in but why does it disappear? a map (especially one that zooms and pans) needs a scale bar. keep it visible and i can give you back that 5th star.
After debugging, i found out, that when test spring context is started, in the.
This only works if the compiler switch AssignableConsts is turned on
Good morning ! Is there any way to pre compile stored procedures in SQL Server ? My requirement goes this .. I have some stored procedures , which take more time in compiling than executing . So I want to precompile all the stored procedures . It would be nice to precompile them when the db server is started and running . Any ideas on this would be greatly helpful ! Thanks & Regards , Pavan . 
I ' ve been reading about MVC design for a while now and it seems officially the View calls objects and methods in the Model , builds and outputs a view . I think this is mainly wrong . The Controller should act and retrieve / update objects inside the Model , select an appropriate View and pass the information to it so it may display . Only crude and rudiementary PHP variables / simple if statements should appear inside the View . If the View gets the information it needs to display from the Model , surely there will be a lot of PHP inside the View -- completely violating the point of seperating presentation logic . 
Later I came to know that wrapper classes like Integer, Boolean, Character, etc are immutable by nature, so why do we need Atomic * classes like AtomicInteger or AtomicLong.
@prototypical - Absolutely. I was never to solve this xTo-1 issue and ended up creating mirror images for my sprites. I praised the genius who created keyboard shortcuts that day!
What is the difference between and similarly and It is really painful when i align the controls with and when i try to align in the Design mode it adds the , how to prevent auto adding property to a control while aligning it, as I already defined the to it why it doesn't update the same property. Its really irritating when we want to do animation on controls, it reverses the direction of animation
Excellent method and exactly what I need right now. I wish I could upvote this twice.
That's super great ! @JoshuaNozzi Thanks !!!
What are the differences between Drupal7 and Drupal6? What about theming?
i have a cache that uses WeakReferences to the cached objects to make them automatically removed from the cache in case of memory pressure . My problem is that the cached objects are collected very soon after they have been stored in the cache . The cache runs in a 64 - Bit application and in spite of the case that more than 4gig of memory are still available , all the cached objects are collected ( they usually are stored in the G2 - heap at that moment ) . There are no garbage collection induced manually as the process explorer shows . What methods can i apply to make the objects live a litte longer ? 
I just flashed back to an old Broderbund game... Can't remember the name of it. Awful CGI graphics, lots of cannon battles in old ships... Maybe the first pirates game? Damn, that was an AWFUL game. Had a rollup scroll in it.
I really hate people who downvote for no reason. Just tell me what your problem is in a comment after you downvote. God!
Has anyone ever made a sharepoint lookup column that allows fill inn choices and does writeback to the list it does lookup from ? what would it take to make such a column ? If a 3 . rd party solution is arround that would be realy great to : ) Cheers ! 
You can use contents along with filter. Try this: Working example @
I ' m trying to make a link inside the fancybox single image title . I want it to redirect me to another fancybox window ( witch is inline ) ... I have a script that makes the whole single image a link , but this targets my document title instead of the anchor title ... I really hope someone will have a solution or a better idea on how to do it ! ! : ) Thank you thank you thank yooou ! : ) btw : I have almost never worked with scripts .. In depth anyways ... 
I finally had success passing data through AJAX and returning it in JSON. However, now I don't know how to display it on my page. here is my JS: after my model runs, it echos the following as discovered in firebug: any advice on how to replace the div "board" with data from the returned JSON array would be incredibly helpful!
excellent in my case use the following code Thanks!!
The rendering issue has been fixed in IE11. No need to worry!
Error handling in classic ASP is a complete pain. You can catch the error where you think it's going to occur using , then check for the error code in the following line of code. Alternately you can scan the server logs for 500 errors. or set up a "500 error" page in your IIS settings.
@levi excellent answer!! you save my day!!! I forgot that req and res handle only one connection, so I dont try to call res.end(). Thank you very much!
Ha sorry Varun, thanks for the reminder, I will have a look at it soon...
unfortunatly most browsers think window.close() is malicious and don't allow it to close itself without at least prompting the user :(
If you worry about the cost of Throwable . fillInStackTrace ( ) , then I dare say you ' re doing it wrong : ) ( assuming that your definition of " cost " is bound to CPU cycles . ) 
Excellent! I'll make it as answer, that you can hopefully accept with a lovely big green tick :-)
I was using ruby and glade2 to design the user interface for a while in the new version of glade3 i can use gtkbuilder format to generated xml file instead of libglade. is there any example? i searched google but i had no luck!
Excellent :) You should add that yourself as an answer and then accept it. It may be useful for others in the future.
Why? Cant return $ -1.885,00?
I have a mobile web page with a table containing many rows . Each row has additional information . Ideally , when a user taps on each row , a new layer will display , covering the whole screen , that provides more information for each row . The layer can be closeable by tapping on the new layer itself . Is this something I can do with a to begin with ? Or do these rows need to be divs instead ? Please if someone could push me along , that would be excellent ! Thanks . 
The output that I get is -.
How do I use Windows Authentication to connect to an Oracle database? Currently I just use an Oracle Username and password however a requirement is to give the user on install the option of selecting Windows Authentication since we offer the same as SQL.
If you know the word can only be found once you can surely place an break; statement so the loop won't continue after finding the match.
I have a script in which I need to process a file using ajax. Everything in the script works, except I can not get the right variable. I have tried everything and I currently have this in its place I was wondering if anyone could tell me how to successfully set whatever is in this field As a variable in the ajax script that I have. All help is extremely appreciated, thanks for the help!
Evaluation of what? I may be being slow today, but I really don't understand what your problem is. I'm awful tempted to vote to close on the principle that I don't see a real question.
Won't work well if the files are not after each other though?
well.. it was awesome .. i do like the new look   but now it also now gets "unexpected errors "and hitting retry just gets the same.  won't work til you clear the data out in settings.. but doing that all the time is annoying. please fix this issue!
Excellent! Appears to be a far cleaner solution. http://bl.ocks.org/mbostock/4560481
OK, I can continue to do web dev on my mac by sharing the webdev folder on my ubuntu laptop. This is a really terrible solution though.
It does its job, but was built for our use case.
I am new to android and I can ' t seem to find a step - by - step tutorial on getting the jseinstein slidemenu to work in Android Studio . I downloaded the files via the link " Download zip " on this page : From there on , I tried pulling this in to an android project , but can ' t seem to get the structure right I would really love a real structured and up - to - date tutorial on how to do this , because the slide menu is simply great : ) Any help would be appreciated ! 
Let me know if you need more details.
Maybe it helps someone else: you can use www.browserstack.com to access VMs with different browser versions directly from the dev machine. (i have no affiliation with the company)
Any idea why this is called **reservoir** sampling?
IF another person says NUnit, I am gonna puke! Where TF did you people learn to read?
just great excellent i wish it had the black list feature
One thought might to have another separate process count the number of rows in the table where the insert is being done to determine what percentage of them are there already. This of course would require that you know the total in the end. This would probably only be okay if this you're not too worried about server load.
Gosh ! you're right !!! Excellent !!!! Is there a way to expand it programatically ? I added .setOngoing(true) (to the top) but it's not expanded... (not really the top because the first one is a notification when I'm plugged to USB for tools developpement ). Thank you again my friend !
So i have design a programming languages and got far enough that i wrote example code and started writing BNF . I want to know is there a checklist of things i may want to do before writing the rest of my BNF ? what should i do afterward ? i am afraid implementation will take a long time ( its as complex as and maybe more then C + + ) . What are things i should do or things i should consider ? 
Check out some tool SnippetCompiler ( http : / / www . sliver . com / dotnet / SnippetCompiler / ) - lets you take a short snippet of C # and try it out without all the overhead of Visual Studio ! Absolutely priceless ... 
how to do this effect? . what way of all the words on the image are put ?
because this API depends on which server ( tomcat, jetty ) you are using.
I am not familiar with Python scripting . I am simply trying to create a small GUI that will allow me to alter a parameter in an ArcGIS Model using the Tkinter Scale and then run the model by clicking a TKinter Button . ( The code below is not finished and is being used for testing purposes , hence the button does not actually call a different script yet ) . I get this TypeError in the Traceback : I have tried deleting many different things from my code to determine what these arguments might be but to no avail . It is incredibly frustrating as I am sure it is the most simple problem . My code is as follows : 
+1 mos def. Thanks for the inspiration :) How's the progress there?
@Subbu: Glad I was able to help.
I have tried to do the following: It builds without a problem, but visual studio gives a error when I switch to the WSP View. The error is as follow: "Unable to load one or more of the requested types. Retrieve the LoaderExceptions property for more information." No further details regarding the actual issue. So is it possible to create a base class that inherits from SPItemEventReceiver which can be used by ones custom list item event receiver classes?
You shoud use login.done() , not login.success() :) Success is used inside the ajax() funciton only! The success object function is deprecated, you can set success only as Ajax() param! And there is no need to Parse the data because its in Json format already!
I absolutely love ! I tried the REST support in WCF and was quickly turned off from it. Good luck!
Take a look at this , and rejoice! :)
The problem here is that you already stringified the response as JSON before passing that into another data structure ( now as a string ) in order to return that as JSON . So you are basically doing a double encode and the " string " gets encoded . So just pass in the data once : So on a small collection this : Yo get a result this : If you are really worried about the order of those two keys then you can use the bson " dumps " to go to a string then decode with the standard json decoder in order to get a native dict with the Mongo objects deserialized , then further put into your ordered dict . But really your client should not care about the order of the keys and just expect those root elements . 
A pleasure :>.
Here is an example ( please, note that March 30th 2008 is Daylight Saving change in Italy ).
I'm nearly reaching rage mode! Can anyone help me with this?? I setted a limit on a CodeIgniter Model so I can only that set of results. Why is it not working? The records are displaying correctly on function call, but I'm getting more than how it's supposed to
I didn ' t find a solution . Thus , I delomboked the source code and done it with plain vanilla Java ... sad : - ( 
bq. OK w/ the latest patch all tests pass for me! Great Awesome! :)
@user2717118: Excellent! Please consider [accepting this answer](http://meta.stackexchange.com/questions/5234/how-does-accepting-an-answer-work), then :-)
@massive I've replied to your question about dealing with concurrency issues in bulk updates by editing my answer. Hope this helps!
where do we need to copy the msvsmon.exe file onto the server?
Super, I'll commit shortly -- thanks Yonik!
I want to limit my users to a directory and its sub directories but the "Parent Directory" button allows them to browse to an arbitraty directory. How should I go about doing that?
I just updated my MacVim to 7.3 and with it, it now changes directories to whatever file I'm currently editing. I use PeepOpen, so it's incredibly annoying to cd back to my project directory every time I want to edit a new file.
Extremely good question! For *line 1*, it is because you cannot add anything to a list of unknown type except `null`.
That way you don't need to worry about API_NAME.
Could you break this down for me? This looks scary :O
@Rob same problem, nothing. very disgusting
superb! thanks dev for making it free!
@ Stilly . stack wooow I didn ' t know that that was important ! ! thanks a lot : ) 
What you are asking is inherently impossible. The game runs on the client and is therefore completely at the user's mercy. Only way to be sure is running a real time simulation of the game on the server based on user's input (mouse movement, keypresses), which is absolutely ridiculous.
In my graph each node has a name and graph is actually a tree , so there exists a . Here ' s the query I currently use to get the path : An actual query is somewhat heavier , but the behavior is the same . So , having a path I will get . I don ' t mind trimming the last , but I ' m really worried about the order of the nodes iterator returned by . So , my question is mainly targeting neo4j team - are there any guarantees as to the order ? Would it be better is I just returned and then manually extracted each property ? I ' m using Cypher with an embedded neo4j distribution , so that won ' t be a problem . 
Hi all I have a horrid database I gotta work with and linq to sql is the option im taking to retrieve data from. anywho im trying to reuse a function by throwing in a different table name based on a user selection and there is no way to my knowledge to modify the TEntity or Table<> in a DataContext Query. This is my current code. I want to populate my ViewData with Enumerable records.
Thanks all, for the quick and excellent answers. With this gentle initiation into SO, I am encouraged to use it more. Hopefully, I can help answer questions, not just ask 'em. Cheers.
This is an excellent question. I look forward to hearing an answer.
hey ) here's how I usually achieve that.
I'm trying to do this in a makefile and it fails horribly: do you know why? I guess it has to do with escaping, but what and where?
You...are...awesome!!!
@JohnSibly : can I use that in VB.NET? I think it's not isnt'?
This means you've picked up a version built against Hadoop 1.x, hence the FILE_NAME vs interface exception.
It is not yet tested - I ran into strange build problems with APR.
should add more filters filters are a little lame and don't suit my pictures. if you add more filters  i'll rate it 5 stars &lt;3 and you should add more fonts  and unique features unlike other editing apps.
@Pax, from my personal experience, somehow I always get faster and more reliable results when I'm using tables. But every time I did that, I feel guilty.
What's the proper way to write?
Everything in the terminal buffer. Command history is easy, just 'history'. Sometimes there's an exception or a log I want to grab, but it went off the screen or select-all is a pain. I want to make a cmd line tool that does it and maybe sends it to a new gist.
I agree: Awesome answer! Thank you so much for this borad overview (even if it may be a little bit outdated by now).
If you are looking to load asynchronously javascript scripts, in the right order, I shall recommend you $script.js developed by the Twitter javascript lead dev It's really great!!
I'm lying it's possible! Do you want `.end` to be also affected, and what about divs after `.end`?
I just started practicing TDD in my projects . I ' m developing a project now using php / zend / mysql and phpunit / dbunit for testing . I ' m just a bit distracted on the idea of encapsulation and the test driven approach . My idea behind encapsulation is to hide access to several object functionalities . To make it more clear , private and protected functions are not directly testable ( unless you will create a public function to call it ) . So I end up converting some private and protected functions to public functions just to be able to test them . I ' m really violating the principles of encapsulation to give way to micro function testability . Is this the correct way of doing it ? 
I have used in Python with great success . However , I am trying to learn Scala . I have an IRC bot that I would like to add some features to , mostly having to do with screen scraping web pages from our corporate intranet . That requires being redirected to a corp - wide login page , then going to the destination , then having to possibly submit another login . Does anyone know of something that I can use from Scala to get this sort of functionality ? 
I ' m writing a basic chat program , and I need to notify the user that the other person closed the app . I have my own protocol , and I ' ve already added a " Quit " message . The only drawback is that it isn ' t sent if the app is killed / crashes / etc . 
Apple's MapCallouts code sample demonstrates how do do this with the callout and their Weather Map sample shows how to do custom annotation views. There documentation is really excellent and these samples are both helpful.
Got it: I need to reference the class types through the createjs module. i.e. works absolutely fine!
That means you need to use the Google FILE_NAME files.
Im getting really depressed over this so I could really use some assistance . I created a new project in visual studio . I first created a new header file , called " MyString , h " and placed it in the header folder . It contains a class called String . you can see the code I used for it at the end of this I also now have a MyStringTest . cpp file in the source files folder . It has the following code in it . Expected : Compiles and runs a console program which will output " llo " Reality : Error : ' Identifier ' String ' is undefined Here is some of my code in the header file ... i really cant fit all of it . .... 
My guess would be from a colleague who wanted to scare this person out of ever using 'this' again. It can be fairly annoying when someone uses 'this' for every single thing they do. Not that it justifies lying to a new programmer, but I can imagine someone doing this out of frustration.
Where exactly do you hook your events inside your UserControl?
I am specifically referring to InputStream ( Java SE ) and its implementations.
Wow, great! thanks, I didn't know this one existed.
In the future study the input and the output of your systems carefully.
flash i don't have flash and i don't know how to get it
I think the first approach is OK , but you have to be sure to always have branch B updated with the new changes introduced in branch A . Otherwise if you don ' t keep them synchronized , these branches will diverge and merging them back on trunk will be a really pain . SVN merge ' s are ok if you do them early and often . 
Here is a solution that works for lower case strings only. Horrible horrible code, but I was trying to see how few lines I could write a solution in.
I don't want to get the last token and reuse it for the next query, it does not make a sense since I want to use batch.
@Chris Two different control statements just to appease developers who want their switch statements to work in a slightly different way? That's a **terrible** idea. VB [had that mentality for loops](http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Visual_Basic/Loops), and it worked out terribly.
In order to avoid such problems in future you'd better use some IDE ( e.g. Netbeans IDE or Intellij IDEA ).
You can add 'priority queue' to the list. It's not in .Net 3.5.
Thanks Nat . The external data is large ( external search results ) so it ' s not possible to keep it as a new list . We ' re a SharePoint plugin so I can ' t guarantee that the BDC will be available at all installations . I guess I ' m kind of out of luck with your suggestions but I appreciate the answer ! 
great launcher what a nice launcher  should add locker feature
I am trying to link my native library to FILE_NAME application but when I try to run it I get a CODE_FRAGMENT exception complaining about missing symbols ( CODE_FRAGMENT ).
I have a query that is simply selecting from 3 tables. select from the comments table for all comments on an article select from UserID table to find what kind of user it is IF the user is one type, search one table...ELSE search another table for the final info. How would I go about this? I'm a little new at MySQL stuff, so i totally appreciate your patience! PS - let me know if this isnt clear... Thanks!
I ' m developing a propietary ( non Open Source ) Web Application in ASP . NET , and I want to use the Look And Feel of Joomla ( images , control distribution , etc . ) . Is this illegal ? I ' m violating the license doing this ? 
Also, it is worth including (in some fashion) the Service Pack downloads as well. In fact, depending on how your executables are built, you might be forced to install the Framework and the Service Packs.
It is integrated in Hibernate 4.
We have a servlet hosted on jboss which works on HttpServletRequest. But sometimes we receieve requests that do not get decoded by jboss, and when we do getQueryParam on HttpServletRequest, we get null. The jboss access log shows the url in encoded form. Normally, when everything works smooth, url is shown decoded in access log. e.g.: This was a problematic request: This was a proper request: Could we be missing some jboss decode settings, or is it just a case of malicious user?
Have you actually implemented this successfully ? It sounds a great solution ! 
Something this ? Bonus . With the switch to you have readline editing capabilities , and tab completion on files . Wooow ! 
Hey , you guys are great , thanks a whole bunch ! I will set up the environment in the cron script . 
Now I was thinking of creating FILE_NAME progress page, which would sleep for 5 seconds, then generate a request and supply it with the filename that we want to know the progress of.
thanks dana-- that's really great! any way to add a slider to control zoom level?
+1 for calling out the binding method.
Wow ! That was an astoundingly fast and informative response by all ! I am very impressed . I will add a couple more comments below . Thanks all ! 
There is, of course, an API for the DRL compiler's parser, but it isn't stable and as complex as DRL rule syntax, which is considerable.
I'm starting to think of "DLL Hell.
Excellent! Thanks :)
For the record, this code is not thread safe without additional locking (which is absolutely fine, thread safety was never part of the design specs for this class).
`ROW_NUMBER()` paging emulation, or SQL Server 2012's `OFFSET .. FETCH` clause can be quite slow for high page numbers: http://www.4guysfromrolla.com/webtech/042606-1.shtml. In that case, the [seek method](http://stackoverflow.com/a/19610367/521799) might be a better choice, as it allows for paging in constant time.
@JoranBeasley You're right for the new format though.. and I totally hate it :(
I have an IIS6 web server that is hosting two application pools . Occasionally , one of the w3wp processes will spike the CPU for a while , and both app pools seem to suffer the consequences . I ' m not sure which one is which , and without that information I don ' t know which application to blame . How can I tell which w3wp belongs to which App Pool ? 
I recently imported about 60k records into a table that relates data in one table to data in another table . However , my client has since requested that a sort order be added to all 60k records . My hope is there is a nice clean way to auto generate these sort orders in a SQL Update . The finished data should look something this : Can this be done ? Any suggestions would be hugely appreciated . -- Anne 
I have to implement gtalk like chat application using UDP FILE_NAME.
Excellent! Thank you so much for the thorough explanation, and for providing the demo. So `eval()` allows you to access the value stored in each variable. This is handy if you want the name of your variable to itself be stored in a variable. Handy! You did an excellent job explaining. Gold star for you. :)
Take a look at [this answer](http://stackoverflow.com/a/18646797/2697658). Hope it helps!
Pull it back in if you think different.
Excellent! Glad that sorted it
An SQL EXCEPTION is being caught saying API_NAME: [ Microsoft ] [ ODBC Driver Manager ] Data source name not found and no default driver specified ''.
awesome to the developer i just gave another slot machine app very poor ratings your game is 100 the best on android and i've played all the slot machines android has to offer and by far plenty of coins and i'm having fun as hell if it drains all the money now i would not be disappointed i have never paid for a app but i think i will pay for this one stupendous job
What was it you had to change to get it working?
Sorry, I guess I'm against ""never computing this shit""... because you guys think returning NaN is ok.
I've used this: ... it's really great!
I abhor debugging a `forEach` loop. Step in, step out. It's so much easier to just debug a `for` loop;
The following page has several implementations of general purpose hash functions that are efficient and exhibit minimal collisions: http://partow.net/programming/hashfunctions/index.html
What is a CODE_FRAGMENT and what is a CODE_FRAGMENT?
The FILE_NAME ( NUMBER ) is coming from camel-jaxb in my app so it seems very contained and not like this answer suggests.
Marcelo, thanks for pointing out this; it is now fixed in rev.
I really do not see the point why you would need to resort to using dreaded . But here is another option if you are using SQL Server version 2005/2008 Use Recursion
I ' m new to development ( an admin by trade ) and I ' m setting up my development environment and I would like to set up a CruiseControl . Net server on Server 2008 . A quick Google did not turn up any instructions for getting it running on IIS 7.0 , so I was wondering if anyone had experience getting this set up . 
Fortunately I'm doing *very* little with Office - really just trying to show the new features. Thanks very much for the link though - very helpful!
I'm having trouble figuring out how to do this in drools 6 +.
How did u do that on linux ?
Your example files are well-formed XHTML. Excellent! This means you can use a simple XSLT script. See
Then you can also add additional access paths to the stuff you want.
Excellent, thanks very much! Moving them to inst/tests and running test() worked.
Awesome, super fast! Thanks a bunch =)
What is the C++ application using? You can always use the same thing or wrap the timer code from C++ into a C++/CLI class.
If the files were never committed and they're no longer on the hard drive, then I'm afraid they're probably gone, unless your user has manual backups, or some other recovery/undeletion strategy works out.
Out of the box , in MS Reporting Services , the image element does not allow for the centering of the image itself , when the dimensions are unknown at design time . In other words , the image ( if smaller than the dimensions allotted on the design surface ) will be anchored to the top left corner , not in the center . My report will know the URL of the image at runtime , and I need to be able to center this image if it is smaller than the dimensions specified in my designer . 
( When I say don't use floats that includes doubles, it's the same issue. )
Using a unique identifiers would allow you to merge data from two different databases . Maybe you have an application that collects data in multiple database and then " syncs " with a master database at various times in the day . You wouldn ' t have to worry about primary key collisions in this scenario . Or , possibly , you might want to know what a record ' s ID will be before you actually create it . 
Thanks so much for the excellent answers! All answers worked beautifully.
To do it, as said in documentation, declare you bean as proxified.
I wondered if it's possible to set the editor windows tab width in eclipse. I hate it when I want to close several windows in a row and I always have to move the mouse. Can I set eclipse to use only ONE width for every window tab?
I want it to use id instead.
I think using RSA encryption for anything but key transport is abuse. Generate a new key for a symmetric cipher and encrypt your bulk data with that. Then encrypt the key with RSA. Send the symmetrically-encrypted cipher-text along with the asymmetrically-encrypted content encryption key to your recipient.
very easy and fun not many programs deserve a 5 star but this is one of them. i do miss some features (or maybe i just don't know how to use the app) like continue reading from my last page ad it sometimes reloads from start with me articles but overall this is a very good app. thanks guys!
A List Apart is a great site, I recommend it heavily! I've also used this article in the past: http://www.websiteoptimization.com/speed/tweak/forms/
I ' ve got a php array : I want to pass this array via jQuery AJAX , with this : And here ' s my jQuery : How can I pass the array , so that with the " replyMessage . php " page , I could take each ID from the Array , to do something this : Any help is greatly appreciated ! 
? as for a description...... there  are no words!
tags may be self closing or not. would it be possible for a regular text:
Sure all code can be made better in the future, if you are up to it. But when I make reusable code, I expect that I can just take it into use later without needing to worry about things.
In elements would receive a unique identifier (a cache key) when required, stored in the property of a node, . . So in I was curious, as I'm in the process of implementing similar logic, how jQuery identify a node in . Referencing a line number in the github repo would be excellent!
You're very welcome ! It would be nice though if you upvoted and accepted the answer. This way other users could refer to it if they pass to the same trouble you had =P
umm ... call me crazy, but why are we making this public?
not for my company, so I don't have to worry ;-)
Schemas - Okay, 2000 has owners, but they can be a real pain to get permissions right on.
Also, you need to use `$(this)` instead of just `this`
Hate to say it, but I don't think there is a way to alleviate this. I do think that it depends on the client system, though, so a faster javascript engine or machine may make it slightly more accurate.
AFAIK there are no native language constructs for this. If you need it for debugging purposes I would advice you to have deeper look into the xdebug extension especially (awesome! :) Another idea would be to implement in your class and wrap all public methods. But this requires to change the code and has other side effects: (simplified example) . Example:
er, can you explain how and why works?
I did try the demo and did end up buying it . I ' m thrilled ( thus far ) . Thanks for your comment . 
The MIT licensed might be the right solution. It's a complete managed port of SQLite, so it can be used with Silverlight.
With a CODE_FRAGMENT you can easily wait for all of the tasks to be completed.
How can I check if and are in both the MySQL table fields and MySQL code.
More than a year after this post, we are using: Activiti a workflow engine with BPMN 2.0 support. As modeller we use Activiti Designer and Yaoquiang (excellent tool!).
So I also changed a test to test a non-ascii stopword :)
ctypes is in the python standard library, swig and boost are not. Swig and boost rely on extension modules and are therefore tied to python minor versions which indepentent shared objects are not. building a swig or boost wrappers can be a pain, ctypes makes no build requirements.
Variables "protected" are prone to be malicious changed by derived class? Should I use "private" in base class variables instead of "protected"?
I'm currently having exactly the same issue with Monotouch and that's why I found your question. I get the very same exception as you do. This makes me assume that I'm not facing a Monotouch issue but a basic (mis)behavior of XIBs/Cocoatouch. So the answer is: no, it is not possible. Very sad though. Ren
While this could work when I'm developing and debugging the solution, I'm afraid it wouldn't work once the solution is deployed and a user needs to change the settings.
amazing  well designed  but confusing. says i have a lot more free space than android reports.
How should I make it to get additional string input such as another user's id?
@DrabJay: excellent suggestion! Code changed. :-)
Pull it back in if you think different.
this long: |-----------------|
We ended up using a Java applet. It was a nightmare. Normally it would have been awful, but as this was for the 2008 Beijing Olympics, the added distance & language differences made it a nightmare. In the end, it worked "enough." But again, nightmare. I would not recommend it.
I added it into my ANT_HOME / lib directory, but it didn't have any effect.
? this app is terrible i am in a good relationship and we are happy together
I've been having this issue for some time and kept just disabling the "Script" tab which is really annoying! I tried to click the pause button so it's flashing and refresh, same issue. Then, click so it's not flashing and refresh, same issue. I just now clicked the pause button (so it was blinking), then un-clicked it so it was not blinking, and then refreshed the page and it seems to have fixed it. The same page that was breaking on a script error is no longer breaking on the error.
I agree. 1 "interface" to worry about and flexible to add others if necessary.
The is an excellent resource for locale data. From the website you can download an xml version of the database, which includes datetime formats, number formats, and lots of other locale specific data.
is defined on the document and you might not even have a variable (it's a property of , not of ). Change to But you must learn how to spot those bugs, by which lists errors. And using is a terribly painful way to track your bugs, use .
I have a small WPF application that hosts a RichTextBox: As shown the code snippet above, I set the font size to 14. If I copy text from this RichTextBox to Microsoft Word or Microsoft WordPad, the font size is reported to be 10.5. Similar oddities persist if I paste text from Word or WordPad. I have verified that the text being selected from my app is sized at 14. Any help would be greatly appreciated!
I need to add some controls to context menu. Is it possible? If yes, how?
If you only need the count ( you express in your original question ) , you could do : Hope it helps ! 
Here is my PHP code.. ..I'm extremely crappy with my JavaScript code, could someone help me convert this? I basically want to convert a variable such as "marine-heavy" to "Marine (heavy)".
I have created a VB.Net lending application for a cooperative that caters to widows. The application tracks the members' loans and payments, and is also used as an accounting system. In my first release, the users felt that showing a messagebox every time an error occurs is very annoying. My solution is to output errors in a label control. The users accepted the modification, but i feel i am doing it wrong.
is excellent for scripts; is standard for classes. As Ben says, think of it as "Object" -- but it is much cooler in that it does not constrain you to the Object methods. This has neat implications with respect to imports. e.g. In this snippet I have to import FileChannel e.g. But here I can just 'wing it' as long as everything is on the classpath
Span? That reminds me of a Monty Python... "Span, lovely Span, wonderful Span!"
Using it is painfully easy to access movies from the IMDB site: However I see no way to get the picture or thumbnail of the movie cover. Suggestions?
game this game is kool!!!!
here is the magic DataFormatString = " { 0 : c0 } this will remove the decimal places 
For the record, while I have seen an implementation where calling on a was O(n), I haven't seen any STL implementations where calling on a was anything other than O(1) -- mainly because s are guaranteed to have random-access iterators. Even so, if you are worried about an inefficient , you can use this code:
I'm apologize for saying this, but the code you've posted is simply awful and needs desperate refactoring. Create a class to represent 7 properties instead of 7 parallel arraylists, and use String.split to parse a comma-seperated list.
I understand its not a desirable circumstance , however if I NEEDED to have some kind of HTML within JSON tags , e . g . : is this possible to do in Python without requiring to to be escaped beforehand ? It will be a string initially so I was thinking about writing a regular expression to attempt to match and escape these prior to processing , but I just want to make sure there isn ' t an easier way . 
Currently making a java program that grabs data off of a MSAccess Database and some of these errors are extremely frustrating. I keep getting this SQL.Exception : Too few parameters. Expected 1 error on the last remaining bugs in this program. Little background on the db: It has 3 tables (A player table (11 columns), a team table (3 columns), and an Opponent table (6 columns). These are both of the functions and I am fairly certain the problem lies in here somewhere or this function
+1. Great question! Now, I have no clue about the answer, but I'll stay tuned.
This is a solution to a local problem, not an obvious/general purpose System.String operation. A utility class might be in order, but it would be extension method abuse to use an extension method here.
I don't know if this is the `accepted 'way, but with the following code I comine CODE_FRAGMENT files with programmatically created rules in Drools 6.
A great explanation! Thanks:)
I use neo4j tool to start Neo4j in windows, But a strange thing is, today, when I open the neo4j shell, I start it , but no response, the status is in yellow and never turn to green, it can't establish neo4j server. It is so terrible for my database!!!! Does anyone meet this ?
great app love the- my list feature.  i can find the best deals and plan my black friday shopping trip
Nope, I don't think such a magic function exists. One workaround for this would be to put your functions into a static class, and add a magic method to that class (> PHP 5.3 only, I'm afraid): For PHP < 5.3, you could do the same thing, but you would have to instantiate an object and use the magic method.
I've tried several other IDEs (the last one was eclipse) but always come crying back. The thing I end up missing most is homesite's 'tag insight' for all the html tags.
ads great app but the ads come up all the time and it ruins it
Once you have the CODE_FRAGMENT, you can get to the CODE_FRAGMENT and the public and private keys.
Yup many hours later I found that a single panel that was wrapped around the section had a EnableViewState="false" added to it. Sad part is that I know I didn't add that because I didn't even know what it was until craig here mentioned it. Visual Studio must have added it sometime.
The problem is that you never run the method, so the field stays at zero. It's a really terrible idea to give a field and a method the same name.
For an excellent event manager class , check Danny Miller ' s : http : / / k2xl . com / wordpress / 2008 / 07 / 02 / as3 - eventmanager - class - removealllisteners / 
Sucks to rush a commit when an issue is under discussion.
Yes, we used to use Starling. But it's a pain to always delegate the stuff that could take awhile to a different process.
and hear is the code to connect.
It would be super great! if you can help me with iframe and cookies stuff... data.message contains URL
To clarify, a CODE_FRAGMENT object has a method called CODE_FRAGMENT with the following signature.
As mentioned on StackOverflow podcast 30 - JanRain RPX has beaten me. Sad face for me.
This suffers from the race condition of having another process started between querying the system for it and returning to the caller saying it wasn't found. Using the mutex approach is one way around it.
I am wondering.. is tree view/navigation possible to do (and somewhat easily) in XForms given a XML data structure? If it is possible, where can I find a really excellent example (code and hopefully a working form to view)? Also, are there any tips you have for implementing this? (I'm new to XForms, and only know the basics so far) Thanks so much!
Also, the compiled library is available by adding the following to API_NAME.
Here is my PHP code.. ..I'm extremely crappy with my JavaScript code, could someone help me convert this? I basically want to convert a variable such as "marine-heavy" to "Marine (heavy)".
RMAppAttemptImpl. recoverAppAttemptTokens(). Looks alike all changes in RMAppImpl are unnecessary.
But shouldn't it be (... | | fromIndex > = toIndex )?
I have the same question too. But for year 2012
Standard LAMP config. As the guy said below, I imagine the file is just not being delivered correctly or something. Just worried something is breaking for my users!
FILE_NAME project is called Osmosis and contains 2 packages search and common.
old question, but if anyone finds this through google (as I did) and who does not want to use anchors or jquery; there's a builtin javascriptfunction to 'jump' to an element; and what's even better; according to the great compatibility-tables on quirksmode, this is !
Source control, keep it offsite and keep it for life! You'll never have to worry about it.
For the records, I found it ;o).
Start with Master Pages on day #1 - its a pain coming back to retrofit.
I'm going crazy guys, my labels are not updated in my views after running "" and ""! This is what I tried so far: make sure there is no "" strings around in PO files delete MO files relaunch and delete all . files in my project delete browser cache change browser drop the local database and launch synchdb shout to the monitor the commands I launch are the following: Is there any sort of Django caching mechanism related to compiled MO files that I have to empty? What can I do? I'm really furious! -_-'
A few months ago the Coding Horror blog reported on some platform with an atrociously bad sorting algorithm . If you have to use that platform then you sure do want to implement your own instead . 
I understand not liking XAML , as it really intimidated me at first , but I will quickly say that it is a powerful tool . I am not sure how to do it through the designer , but in C # let ' s say you name your DataGrid ' myDataGrid ' and your List is named ' stringList ' . It is as simple as the following : and the data grid is now bound to your string list . 
In general, this is a _terrible_ idea. C++ headers are not intended to be included in an alternately namespace as was used here.
yeah it working fine :) Thanks !!
Qianshi is working on the SSL session reuse, but this buggy Bug system does not allow him assign this ticket, sigh
I agree most important is not what style one uses but it being consistent. With that said, the new MS/.NET styling for private fields tends to be _fooVar (underscore followed by a camelCased name)
My experience - If you know the requirements of a project well and if they can be easily achieved with standard ssis components with a minimum of scripting, then SSIS might be the way to go. Otherwise, its a pain.
What code are you using to add the buttons programmatically?
I think Jon probably cleared the code for you.
David: +1. For a second I thought they may have been passing a `Furious Neanderthal`, or something, to Word!
I use a custom to check if text is numeric. Then when I bind a to a numeric property, I add the new custom class to the collection. In the example below the validation rule is checked everytime the changes.
Is there any method to refresh state to begin and i can read png image using
I'm rethinking the design of my GUI. I designed a few JFrame with Netbeans automated GUI (yes, I'm lazy, and this generated code is often awful, I know !), but now I want them to be JPanel (actually, to inherit from another class that inherits JPanel). But I had the "setDefaultCloseOperation" modified, so my code is broken : setDefaultCloseOperation is impossible for a JPanel. Since I can't modify the generated code, I was wondering : is there a way to make Netbeans understand I changed my mind, and regenerate the code ?
I have a .net assembly that has a COM+ ServicedCopmonent in it and at the moment I install it into the GAC to get everything working. This means that I need to have every assembly that it references in the GAC as well. During development it is quite painful to make changes to thes assemblies, re-install them to the GAC and then test. Is it possible to maintain the COM+ component but not have everything in the GAC?
This is part of the code which was working fine and now it's not.
You've said "For the sole purpose of reporting". Does this mean that the data is pulled into Oracle from some other system. If so, this would mean the design would not need to worry overly about normalization for update/integrity purposes.
Wow excellent! Thanks so much rgeorge, that really helps.
I am looking to plot cluster heat maps from gene expression data that I have.
I have two files . File 1 : a FASTA file with gene sequences , formated this example : File 2 : A simple text file with JUST the accession identification of the gene . Like so . Every entry in File 2 is somewhere in File 1 , but not every entry in File 1 is in File 2 . I need to remove all the entries from File 1 that are not in File 2 . I feel there must be something in the biopython module that could help me , I just don ' t know what . For instance , I originally thought that I could extract just the accessions from my FASTA file using the function , but this really just lands me with two files of accession numbers . I don ' t know how to selectively extract the accessions that are in the other file . Maybe reading all the entries from File 2 into a dictionary and then associated that entry with its matching entry in File 1 and use to extract the whole sequence ... But I really don ' t know .... Any help anyone could give me is extremely appreciated ! 
I'm afraid I don't know any answer other than to start looking around in your area for old hardware. The CPU isn't the only variable that can (usually) affect things. L1/L2 cache size, memory bus speed, memory speed/latency, hard drive speed, etc. are all significant factors in many applications.
Each tab in my xcode project can have navigation/debug/utility menus open. If I close those menus on one tab, then switch to the next, they may be open. This is really frustrating! If I want the menus closed, I want them closed on all tabs. How can I change this behavior?
Hmm...VS is telling me this is already a string? Guess it's lying!
Sounds weird to me... Could you package a (totally!)
After I changed my windows regional setting from my native language to USA, the problem has gone. Do not forget to restart Visual Studio. really annoying problem !
JSPs must not include any code that requires dependency injection. So don't do it. If you really must, you can use But this is extremely ugly.
Thanks for taking a look, Jiannan
G'day, One of the best recommendations I can make is to read the relevant section(s) of Steve McConnell's Code Complete (). He has an excellent discussion on naming techniques. HTH cheers, Rob
Be careful since it ' s often not " morally reprehensible " , but in fact illegal copyright infringement . 
Reinnstalled Xcode4 - same thing. Awful!
Sorry, that should be FileChannel inputChannel = input.getChannel(); FileChannel outputChannel = output.getChannel(); in the try block.
I'm currently tuning a large app that uses L2S using the following process (to great success!) Start SQL Server Profiler and create a trace using the 'Tuning' template that gets saved to a file. Then interact with your app to exercise the slow spots. Stop the trace then start up the Database Engine Tuning Advisor. You can load up the trace file you just created and have it suggest all sort of optimizations. I've just created 5 non-clustered indexes based on its suggestions and my app is easily 90% faster that it was before.
thanks so much! excellent insight!
Only way I could figure out how to do it without just moving the file and telling the user was to pass it off to the browser.
The 1024 byte limit is part of the syslog (section 4.1), as is UDP transport which doesn't have guaranteed delivery (in case you worry about log lines lost in the ether). I think syslog-ng can solve both these issues, but I'm not a syslog expert.
I use GIT on windows with and i'm loving it! .
@Johannes: Don't bother, he's much too stupid and heinous to be worth helping (see his comments on my answer, it's a model of how to get help).
Is this api up to date?
I might explain but documentation on MSDN is already pretty excellent. Consider visiting Following Links. Here is the link to in with Example -- and -- synchronization in -- MFC -- Hope these help
You are missing CODE_FRAGMENT for that your patter not match because it contain more than one character or number.
Ive made a simple android quiz and would like to display the question count ID within the layout ( The questions will be randomly selected ) . For example on the bottom of the layout it might say " Q6 " . Currently the layout only shows the questions , possible answers and a next button . Would I need to change the java class and the layout ? Any suggestions would be really great ! Thank you ! ! Here is the question class : 
Basically you've got to call the method with reflection: Get the generic method template with Call passing in your 4 type parameters Invoke the method passing in the regular arguments It's a pain :(
I think the question is valid. I agree with the other responses, but it doesn't mean it's a terrible question. I've only ever had to use a Safari CSS hack once as a temporary solution and later got rid of it. I agree that you shouldn't have to target just Safari, but no harm in knowing how to do it. FYI, this hack only targets Safari 3, and also targets Opera 9.
Here is the Tomcat 6 LOG ( it sends to subscriberID '99' ).
I would like to mention something I came across recently but I haven ' t been able to test it yet . There is a new program called FreeNX that has set out to be a replacement for VNC . Here ' s the link : http : / / freenx . berlios . de / 
The problem is that when reader contains CODE_FRAGMENT it is not reporting ready.
Right, and that code calls which one: phone.dial(phoneNumber) or phoneNumber.dialOn(phone)?
We ' re running into a really painful issue with Honeycomb ' s here , and I was wondering if anyone else has found a solution . The problem itself is quite simple : We frequently trigger background tasks in Activity or , since most of our screens must display data loaded from a Web service . While these tasks are running , we show the ActionBar ' s refresh spinner and animate it . The problem is : onCreate and onResume are executed before is , so at the point where we start the task , the refresh spinner doesn ' t even exist . Hence , it won ' t animate . I don ' t see any simple way around this . I guess we could keep the information about a task being spawned in onCreate , and as soon as the ActionBar becomes available , update it accordingly . But still , I can ' t believe a use case as common as this is so difficult to do with ActionBar ? 
Excellent! This should be marked as an answer. Very good solution.
Great ! I ' m glad you like it . 
How can I call a custom action dll written in managed code (.net) from an installer without using an unmanaged intermediary?
Thanks djuth, this works great and is very simple! I have to admit it is pretty limiting though, for example, I would love to have it autocomplete a staff name and then return a staffID but I can probably play around with what's added and parsed.
Because the ORDER BY RAND() method is terrible for performance. Note that he has 120,000 rows in his table.
That's great! Thanks a lot for the tip!
I found this great node mysql boilerplate: it works terrific! However, now I need to hook it in to my existing user table, and my key field is named userID, not simply id, and changing the key fieldname in mysql breaks the example. So my question is, where in the project do I need to specify a different id field name? I see user.id in /util/auth.js passport.serializeUser and id in passport.deserializeUser functions, but it seems it must be specified elsewhere too. I'm hoping this is a simple question for users of passportjs!
This is an internal error *in the Python C code*. Something more heinous is going on here, I don't think this is an error in your Python code.
Take a look - email is sent using , so you could just add: to the .
What you need is to assign data to a string read from the stream.
excellent adding! for debugging, go to wp-content\plugins\syntax-highlighter-compress\syntax-highlighter-compress.php and add the following line to wp_shc_head() :
I am not sure why I can not get it to work and have been struggling with it for a while.
Check out this though personally I recommend you the backbone - it's very agile and fast to learn + leaves you with a lot of freedom and happiness :) But imo the special thing about the backbone compared to others is the community - and no fancy feature can replace that!
This serves me right for browsing s.o. on waking up. My eyes hurt!
Add CODE_FRAGMENT after your other two CODE_FRAGMENT lines in your CODE_FRAGMENT.
Oh. That's really sad. So It would be only plane menu options with white background., is it?
The application connects to the AD using COM4J from the API_NAME library version NUMBER.
From my experiences so far , I ' ve concluded that the HTML5 Manifest scheme was really terribly designed . My site serves a manifest file when a user is logged in . Unfortunately , when they log out , they can still access the cached protected materials . Can anyone think of a way to fix this ? 
Worked really great! Thanks a ton!
what is that downvote? it's real and valid question, and I hate DRM too!
on the root window is how xbindkey does it . Be careful about having some alternative method of killing the grab though , it ' s very annoying to have to go somewhere to into your own box just to kill that process ... And that ' s why , if it was me , + " echo ' moo ' > / tmp / moo - fifo " would be the way to do it . That way , you could also control it in any number of other ways you haven ' t thought of yet . 
I understand why you tried CODE_FRAGMENT, but with the fix above we no longer need that, we can just declare it CODE_FRAGMENT.
Official guide says: Tomcat deployment is trivial and requires copying the WAR file into the TOMCAT_HOME/webapps folder and restarting the container. But this is really painful :-( Does there any way to deploy app without restarting Tomcat ?
This is by design - & is usually a desirable outcome ! Linq - to - SQL inserts child objects to preserve relational integrity . If you can turn that off somehow , the next obvious solution is to remove the relationship . This is not an ideal suggestion but it will work . Now A does not have a ClassB object , and hence the Insert statement will not insert your B . 
What can I do to increase the performance/speed of my PHP scripts without installing software on my servers?
If you're running on Windows, you could do something similar using PowerShell. This could be extended pretty easily to find all unversioned and ignored files and delete them. Hope that's helpful to someone!
That doesn't seem to create a table... any reasons why? I tried dbdelta too.
I have an existing javascript/flash -interaction kludge that sucks terribly. Now I've decided it'd be better to write a flash app that does the specific thing without the need to interact with javascript. Therefore I'd need to produce flash apps in linux, and I don't have money to throw at adobe right now (perhaps never if their software keeps being terrible). Also not going to do software development on windows, have been there, conclusion: that's not going to work well ever. So, any solutions? Free or open source?
How can I check if I have listed all the dependencies correctly? The is an excellent tool for checking both build dependencies and dependencies by setting up a clean base system within a chroot environment. By compiling the package within pbuilder, you can easily check the build dependencies, and by testing it within a pbuilder environment, you can check the dependencies.
You can use CODE_FRAGMENT to create a CODE_FRAGMENT from JPEG data.
My first instinct is to branch normally (using p4 integrate), and then use an IDE or sed script to change the package names. But this makes future integration from the trunk extremely painful.
So, I'm fine with your logic, but given that I don't understand it please don't get upset when I ask questions on how I have to use it.
The CODE_FRAGMENT has a resolution up to nanoseconds.
Excellent question. IMHO this type of thinking makes programs much more robust, especially when they undergo constant change.
I love the way you assimilated another answer!
FWIW, git rebase interactive now has a "reword" option, which makes this much less painful!
Having separate DLL's certainly makes it easier on the developers. We do that here for a set of projects (a set of data filters) with nearly identical I/O requirements, and a common API. Each dev can go off and do his own thing without worrying about builds and conflicts.
I'm using the ImageMapster jQuery plugin, and I want to limit the number of selections that can be made on a (image-) map to a certain number. Let's say I have 30 areas, but only want 3 to be selected at the same time. After 3 selections have been made, the 4th selection should overwrite the 3rd. Is there a way I can do this? Any help would be hugely appreciated!
Sorry, for all the issue mails, I forgot to mention the second:2) There is commented source in the test, should it be enabled or removed?
As title , basically I have a user control placed inside a page and then the page is placed inside the master page . I want to extract a block of javascript and put it back to the page head . When I try to wrap the code inside any block control ( e . g . a div runat server ) and access divID . InnerText then ASP . NET bust off with I dont want to extract JS inside cs file , thats awfully ugly approach ( all sort of escapes and people wont even notice you have JS written unless they drill your CS file ) , what can I do ? 
and call this at every button: ( saves you the setOnClickListener ).
I wish i knew, I am on 3+ projects and have to do 3+ SCRUMS a day. :cry:
finally you fix!!!! well done!!! finally you fix this bug!!!! everyone pls download but if you could not download read the description! !!!
This is the third post I've seen with people filtering by *ascii* char-code - it's a terrible idea! Where are you getting these examples from?
I've hit this before. It has to do with the fact that lucene, under the covers, turns many (all?) things into boolean queries when you call Query.rewrite() From:
Very annoying! If you are desperate to get this working you could force Chrome to redraw the element (on window resize, maybe?):
I am creating a small widget and I want to allow others to use it. The iFrame is loaded from HTTP - but I want to allow users to login via HTTPS i.e. that is - send a request for login via SSL Is this allowed within the same-origin policies or ? i.e. the scenario is that a user can integrate my javascript to their website, the widget opens and i want to allow them to login via https ? Any help would be hugely appreciated :)
Is there any way to quickly jump to a scene in a storyboard? I have about 30 different scenes/view controllers and it has become incredibly tedious to locate the view controller I'm trying to edit.
I'm trying to pull in tagged photos of the current logged in profile. Got a session ID but it appears it's an empty array. I'm aware this code is probably really awful, I'm new to PHP and just trying a few things.
2 million unique visitors per hour ? Wow ! Is this Experts Exchange or some ( other ) pr0n site ? ; - ) 
This describes one type of UUID in great details and I have used a similar approach with great success when I needed a UUID implementation and could not link to an existing library for architectural reasons. This provides a good overview.
@vascowhite I tried deleting all the products from the cms then added a new one and the same message appears. Really frustrating!
This is great! I figured I just had to redrag everything into the dbml.
I'm trying to create a cocoapod using pod lib create but for some reason the .xcworkspace file is never created. I've tried updating Ruby and I've tried using Ruby 2.0.0 which my colleague is using and it works fine for him. Here is the output from the pod lib create command: I would be very greatful if anyone can shed any light on this issue as I'd love to get started using this great tool straightaway! Many thanks Chris
if efficiency is the case, I would use SAX or on a personal preference - StAX
**As of May 2010, Silverlight is at 57%.**
If you read the FB . init documentation , there are some parameters that can be used while defining . One of the parameter is which - Determines whether XFBML tags used by social plugins are parsed , and therefore whether the plugins are rendered or not . Defaults to false . You said that in case of pure javascript the plugin worked that ' s beacause you must have set to . To get your jquery code to work simply define this paramter to true which is false by default - and it shall work . Good luck ! 
Do you happen to know why LINQ doubly nests the actual `SELECT` statement? Is (was?) that a subtle performance tweak for some SQL Server version? I feel that the 2nd level could be merged with the 1st level.
Awesome! You have no idea how long I've been trying to find this!
Maybe there are some problems with the path of the file ( on my pc )!?!?
I have updated to Genymotion 2.0 and downloaded/deployed the new 4.3 images (Galaxy Nexus and 10.1 Tablet) upon installing the appropriate GApps package get a devastating error upon launching a development app with the following stack trace making the device restart.
I have a button that , when hovered over , I would like the background image to display also . ( It is an arrow an explanation of the button ) . There are quite a few questions similar , but I couldn ' t quite tweak the answers to work for me . The HTML looks the CSS then is Any ideas hugely welcome ! 
Tried it again - it worked. God I hate reporting services!
We have a file named wordlist , which contains 1,876 KB worth of alphabetized words , all of which are longer than 4 letters and contain one carriage return between each new two - letter construction ( ab , ac , ad , etc . , words all contain returns between them ) : I want to create a new file that contains only words that are not derivatives of other , smaller words . For example , the wordlist contains the following words [ " abuser , abused , abusers , abuse , abuses , etc . ] The new file that is created should retain only the word " abuse " because it is the " lowest common denominator " ( if you will ) between all those words . Similarly , the word " rodeo " would be removed because it contains the word rode . I tried this implementation : But it always froze my computer . Any solutions ? 
I try to split the String ``NUMBER ''to 2 new Strings.
If you add a method to do the CODE_FRAGMENT and CODE_FRAGMENT, you can reduce the lines for each button from two to one.
Official guide says: Tomcat deployment is trivial and requires copying the WAR file into the TOMCAT_HOME/webapps folder and restarting the container. But this is really painful :-( Does there any way to deploy app without restarting Tomcat ?
I'm using MongoMapper and am trying to come up with a way to use an abbreviated field name. I want to keep the keys as plain english but have the field names stored short (e.g. "name" maps to "_n"). I noticed a conversation but it ended up closed () and I was wondering if anybody has an example of how to accomplish this. I'd be extremely grateful for any feedback!
Perhaps this is what you are looking for: Here is the link to download the castle windsor schema: Good Luck!
(back from holidays, so a bit delayed, but) I confirm Andrzej's suggestion -- a plain-text only summarized is ideal for clustering for example.
This only works for 4 or 8 byte floats. What about 10-byte floats?
or a working iPhone example. With so many classes it's a pain to figure out what calls what
i found some class that a very great men develop!!! that solove this: here is a link to download it it the last post on the page: direct link:
Hudson seems to be stuck on this. 
I am crying on the inside. And on the outside.
Just MSDN link about it is here http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/vstudio/9k7k7cf0.aspx
I ' m worndering how I can add 2 rows , of which 1 depends on another , in 1 transaction . Reason I an doing is that the library I ' m using does not return the rowid , and I need to commit the transaction as less as possible as I ' m adding over a few million records ! Just for the record I ' m using : SQL Server 2008 Python pyodbc Any idea ? Would be really awesome : ) 
As an alternative to marking progress in the CODE_FRAGMENT itself, consider decorating it with a CODE_FRAGMENT or a variation.
This is very fine : ) Note that if you do the following : Only the first element of the array will be initialized with the non - zero number whereas the rest will be initialized with zeros . 
When you install a node module globally it goes into /usr/local where you don't have permissions to move shit into unless you sudo.
If you are moving to a new page in the same browser window, Zack Mulgrew and Bobby Jack both have excellent answers. If you are opening the eshop link in a new window, there is not much you can do with css alone, and gs has a reasonable answer except for the choice of class name of (red). Which is it?
Excellent! You, sir, need a Flattr button. Or join Gittip.
First : I like your approach of being concentrated on a clean and proper state handling of your application . Excellent ! But , as you said : Android can kill activities and manage their lifecycle for itself . The OS may release memory allocated for your activity as soon as possible requiring you to allocate it again . This means your fragment may or may not get destroyed . As you can see in your stack trace , FragmentActivity . onCreate is called . This obviously inddicates your existing resources created within the context of the old activity are not access - able anymore . The only context that is guaranted to exist through your application lifecycle is the application context . For all other resources you should be aware and handle properly that created resources may be invalid at the time you are trying to access them . 
I'm sorry, but I didn't had an eye on this thread. I'm afraid the topic isn't hot anymore!?
Can you point to the part of the HTTP caching spec that says this?
ever best. but.. since update. many feature gone and  many lack when use.
What tools are free tools are available for testing WebServices that are behind NTLM2 authentication. SoapUI Is Excellent tool with all functionality that I need, however, it doesn't support NTLMv2. If someone has a way of making that work, please provide solution.
But unfortunately it can not be used!!!
Using Rails, is there a reason why I should store attachments (could be a file of any time), in the filesystem instead of in the database? The database seems simpler to me, no need to worry about filesystem paths, structure, etc., you just look in your blob field. But most people seem to use the filesystem that it leaves me guessing that there must be some benefits to doing so that I'm not getting, or some disadvantages to using the database for such storage. (In this case, I'm using postgres).
talks about consuming WCF services in Silverlight , but claims : There will be no proxies , no generated code , no 3rd party utilities , and no disgusting " Add Service Reference " usage . What is so wrong with me adding a service reference in my Silverlight project ? Are there hidden overheads ? Or is it a case of Fear Of Auto Magic on the part of the author ? 
Although that text editor test isn ' t 15 minutes , it sounds an excellent test . It ' s more what you would do in real life compared to writing algorithms : maintain code that someone else might have made . 
I have imported the data into an database. Patient(pt_id,pt_name,pt_type,pt_loc) Now , I want to find which of these a primary (have unique) values. Any way I could found is would return the same value Any input would be great :) Thanks!!!
I got it .. this is incredibly silly question ! Static means I just access it directly from Without using it from the instance . 
Great work in finding that bug report ticket! I was able to see the issue in the [fiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/5SCnJ/) that they provided. Notice also that the bug has been fixed! All you need to do is use a jQuery-ui >= version 1.10.3. I forked their fiddle and tried it with 1.10.3 and the issue goes away. Check it out [here](http://jsfiddle.net/mcoomey/JPC4J/1/). @user3496151: The fix that I demonstrated in the previous
+1 for actually *answering* the question.
I ' d really to know if anyone knows of a way to do this , also ! I need to connect to it frequently from the server and a browser will never be an option - the server has no GUI and it should be run from cron . 
I really liked which C + + however you can easily translate that to C # the author has a web site too . 
What is best practice while testing Android Services?
I know that, that's why I wrote unsupported (exclamation mark). It was just meant as an aside and isn't central to the question.
I second trying to put the whole path instead. For relative paths, if you're doing compiling and running in command line/terminal, you need to have that studentrecords.txt in the same directory of your code files.If you're using an IDE, you need to put your studentrecords.txt under the src/ folder. This is assuming you're not in maven project setup; otherwise it should be put under /src/main/java/resources/ .Hope this helps!
Finally found something, here: No reference to it from the Oracle pages, but found a direct link to a page on some forum post. Really sad how hard it was to find.
Great question! :)
@Aggieboy that's really sad, and I have to hand-code stuff .
if so, can you see if you can git bisect this bad boy?
Maybe this way... Controller code for the CODE_FRAGMENT.
Agreed. Excellent question.
Is packed-decimal part of the EBCDIC format, or is this just a file which happens to use both? I'm not familiar with that format, I'm afraid :(
This algorithm is terribly inefficient for small sample chosen from a large set . Picking 5 integers from a million takes one million calls to rand ( ) instead of 5 . 
Have you tried the and methods ? There is a that mentions the approach . Also , in JDBC 4.0 Sun added the that allows you to get a unique handle on a row . The feature is supported by Oracle and DB2 . For sql server you will probably need a third party driver such as . Good luck ! 
that's not a maintainable solution. most modern code metrics (readability, simplicity, maintainability) would conclude it's a terrible solution.
Oh, bummer, I think i got i right now?
No problem. I see you got your answer above. Did that satisfy your question or is there anything else?
Do you have any experience of designing a Real Shared-Nothing Architecture? Would you have some readings to recommend me?
-1 for not explaining or giving details. I hate these types of questions!
I am trying to use JNDI for the JDBC connectivity, but it returns NULL DataSource.
You didn't mention the language, but for Java we've loved . For C/C++, getopt.
Im using the AutoPersistenceModel in Fluent NHIbernate to map all my entities and that all works fine :D However, several of my objects have In the database there is a single comments table, and each entity with the above code, has its own link table to comments. At the moment what im doing is: for every entity. Is there some way i can set a convention where by all mappings to IList<Comment> are wired up automatically as manytomany with the above table name convention? Thanks Andrew
Of course it is up to you to re-organize the code to your needs.
I would avoid it for module globals certainly. For variables restricted to local scope, so you can see the same function isn't ever going to need to use the builtin, it's not something I'd worry about.
I'm trying to open a different ajax modal for each table row clicked. So I did this: That, however doesn't work - while this does: If anyone could please point me in the right direction I would be extremely happy :)) Thanks everyone!:)
I've created a div how would I make this div a child of using Javascript?
This is simple I hope :) When I create a new web application in WSS does it need to be on port 80 if I want to point an external domain name at it? Everything is standard in terms of IIS and ports that are open i.e. port 80 is the only one open. I am guessing if I let WSS assign a port number to the new web application surely this can never be accessed externally unless I open the assigned port? Cheers
needs work there should be a way to adjust the shape and location of the eyes  cheeks  and lips. everyone's features are not shaped the same. even with a well-lit picture taken at the right angle  your app proves inaccurate. which is highly disappointing  seeing as you are a "big name" cosmetic brand and not some rinky dink developer making a cheap  advertising heavy app for little girls. i expected more from mary kay  and this type of one-size-fits-all lack of attention to detail and diversity  makes you look bad.
I'm new to ror and am finding the scattered documentation extremely frustrating! When the commands rails generate model or rails scaffold are any fileds automatically created. I'm thinking here about the Id field in particular. Additionally, could anyone point me to the documentation which specifies this?
Events firing are delegate invocations, which are a But dealing with interfaces for subscriber/publisher/observer/observable scenario is more painful that using events.
Oh the horror! Try `page.php#iframe_id` as the target.
? turns for a tablet  good deals all around.
Is there a shorthand for a new line character in Scala? In Java (on Windows) I usually just use "\n", but that doesn't seem to work in Scala - specifically outputs in Eclipse, (sic) from the command line, and from the REPL (GREAT SUCCESS!) works, but is there anything shorter?
So you can see, since CODE_FRAGMENT, exception is not thrown.
I have found the from Position Absolute to just be that, Absolutely awesome! :). I have an on how to include it in ASP.NET MVC and in ASP.NET, you could just pass it the generated form id.
Hi Marco,I changed the name of patch because it was made in Java earliar, sorry for inconvenience.
Excellent -- thanks!
@user007 What makes your elements size changed?
Another very fast approach is the [seek method](http://stackoverflow.com/a/19610367/521799), which allows to paginate in constant time (maybe even faster than 78ms)
+1 Thats a very sexy way of getting days within a range!
This is recognized around our office as the "Ah, crap! I forgot about that." burndown:
This means, that every time you will operate on the exact same object, that was originally injected on start.
Yeah... I'm not a huge fan. Their documentation, tutorials, and guides are pretty nice. Here's the guide: https://parse.com/docs/ios_guide#top/iOS Here's the documentation: https://parse.com/docs/ios/api/ Here's the video tutorial for PFQueryTableView: https://parse.com/tutorials/parse-query-table (A little dated but very nice) Hope this helps! :)
I hate Dev-C++ but because of a library, I have to use it!!! What's the matter for Dev-C++ or are there errors in my code about using referance variable? Error: 9 C:***\main.c syntax error before '&' token
Excellent! This works as well as I could have hoped, thanks alot
Adding API_NAME ( ) after awaitTermination ( ) method call can provide a delay which can get you the output you were looking for.
@jira - I wish you didn't suck so much.
simple and effective easy to use and understand  just drop in the tracking number and select the courier.   clean ui  no complicated menus to decipher.  easily the best tracking app i have used.
It didn't make any difference, I receive the same error.
Choose Project -> Properties Select Configuration -> General In the box for how you should link MFC, choose to statically link it. Choose Linker -> Input. Under Additional Dependencies, add any libraries you need your app to statically link in. For more info, see this article:
if only... i'm using this app on a note 10.1 and have also tried the obvious competition.   there are some features i really like and already miss in other apps  especially the very well implemented blending and the in-depth controls for setting pressure sensitivity. the deal breaker for me  at the moment: noticeably worse brush lag than in other apps. note: there is actually a "note mode" which limits the area to the current tile and is much smoother  but offers only a small selection of tools while active. i'd love to have that kind of performance with the full functionality (within reason when it comes to more demanding / bigger brushes).  short version: love nearly everything about it and will definitely buy the full version when the performance gets improved.
Is it possible to restore infolog from InfologData? Consider the code what should I write instead of to restore "something awful","something terrible", "scary\tmouse" into infolog from infologData? My goal is to perform some operation, store infolog in database, and then show it to user, when they want it.
When explaining things to someone who seems to still be learning Haskell , I ' d avoid using ( or even showing ) the pointless style . Don ' t want to scare them ; - ) 
exactly why i'm asking because thats what i fear!
An easier way to do it is to make a "globally visible" function. AKA, declare it in a public header: and define it within your compilation "unit" - but outside any . As a little bonus.. it with an "alias".. and you can REALLy abuse it!
Why can't setting the view's xml attribute make LinearLayout scrollable.?
I have a web page that renders the same in IE7, Firefox, and Safari - except when printing. IE7 appears to allocate too much space for borders when printing. In the example below, the box heights plus borders should add up to the same height in the 2 columns. I set the borders to 10px to exaggerate the problem. I hate CSS hacks, and so far I've been able to create my pages without them. Any suggestions?
Drawback of above approach not using copy of data is that thread safety is harder to achieve, though.
Great!.. works as advertised - Thanks aku. Voting you closer to the 5K mark :)
I think that ' s absolutely terrible practice . First of all you do not need to make the trip to the server to hide and show controls , unless you need new data . Second , any decent javascript framework will allow you to hide show controls based on the control ' s id , class name , or whatever css selector . Moreover using a javascript post / get to a generic handler will give you the data that you need without the postback . I ' d suggest using JQuery , or some other alternative . 
@njahnke: to me, it does not matter what they advise if they do not provide alternatives. I have been a happy user of qthttp thus far without worries, but yes, it is just a quick workaround as written.
If you're doing a git merge of a bunch of files and this is all you have to worry about, you have nothing to worry about.
Excellent answer!! my vote is +
How can I write the following SQL using CreateCriteria: Attach the model.
Excellent! Onward with your project...
Won't the guilty party simply increase the minimum amount that they'll try? I know they're trying to fly under the radar of the banks and on bank statements, but these days 10-20 is a more common amount to see on your statement than 2.35. Do you have specific experience with this?
Sorry to be a pain, but I have 2 questions. 1) But where is the log? I assumed that it would be in $ftpreturn. 2) How do I check the bytes sent?
Also when following Flextras excellent guide, make sure that NavigationMenuClass extends EventDispatcher, otherwise just calling the dispatchEvent() method won't work!
I screwed up the encoding of the stopwords file (sorry).
(Python Remote Objects) is fairly clever if all your server/clients are going to be in Python. I use alot though since I'm communicating with hosts that are not always Python. XMPP lends itself to being extended fairly easily too. There is an excellent XMPP library for python called which is reasonably up to date and has no dependancy on Twisted.
Different engine versions? Have you tried naming that expression in the result?
I ' m talking about . With streaming stackoverflow podcasts and downloading the lastest updates to ubuntu , I would like to have QoS working so I can use stackoverflow without my http connections timing out or taking forever . I ' m using an iConnect 624 ADSL modem which has QoS built - in but I can ' t seem to get it to work . Is it even possible to control the downstream ( ie . from ISP to your modem ) ? 
If you see the source code of this method you will see that.
writing a stream manipulator is a very complicated way of doing something very simple!
The first time I load the website in the production web server, it start very slow, subsequent pages load very quickly (included the home page). I precompiled the site, but nothing changes. I don't have any code at Application start. I don't have cached items. Any ideas? How can I find out what is happening?
I have a session where they are, in fact, getting mixed up. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1646274/asp-net-session-mix-up-using-stateserver-scary
I understand you need to know the sizes conversion . Sometimes I use this tool : And I found an excellent article about the screen sizes and densities : I hope it will be useful for you ! 
I store ranges in MySQL DB, but a lot of queries to MySQL for getting provider name - it's terrible :(
That is why it says ``Non-static method toString ( int, int ) can not be referenced from a static context '', because you are trying to access a method which is not static in a static way.
Thread 2 iterates CODE_FRAGMENT and finds matching records by calling CODE_FRAGMENT, iterating the submap, giving matching CODE_FRAGMENT and CODE_FRAGMENT records to thread 3 for processing.
Is there a convenient way to check if a directory is empty using MSBuild?
I have a gridview with rows that can be edited , inserted etc . I wrapped it in an updatepanel to give it an AJAX effect and update the system without reloading the page . I recently got into using jQuery and webservices for my AJAX calls and I absolutely love how it works and how fast it is . I would like to know if it is possible , and if so then how , to update my gridview using jQuery AJAX methods . 
Is there documentation or an article on the rules for passing strings into PowerShell functions? I just trying to do some string concatenation/formatting, but it's putting all the parameters into the first placeholder. Code Output
I ' m sure lots of people will say this by the time I ' ve typed this but ... I know it ' s not PHP but we ' re finding just the job for this kind of thing . It really is an excellent piece of software . 
Excellent! @vinay-kr-sharma , but i add some more code to put my month language
Ryan Oberoi makes an excellent suggestion , but it ' s a bit overkill for my small ASP . NET MVC web application . I like Lobstrosity ' s idea since it could apply to any class tag and its short and simple ... just what I need . Both are good answers yet one solves the general question ( involving a css framework ) and the other one solves my specific need ... I guess I should select Ryan ' s response as the solution as it would probably help others more ... any suggestions ? 
? really like this game!  you can play for a long tie  big payouts!
Since there are two different Open-source libraries ( and ) to handle writing & extracting files from a zip file, why worry about doing it yourself?
since a day I have a very annoying problem - I can't run any Spring MVC application: / Today I have tried to write something basing at Spring Documentation.
Your question assumes that mail clients follow the RFC standards for MIME encoding, which they don't. I'd advise you collect a bunch of mail from sources and try and process it as-it-exists. The problem you are facing is extremely difficult (perhaps impossible) to solve 100%.
When i run this API_NAME, their shows only the labels, and No button aor text field.
Excellent tips, thanks! Additionally you can try Clarity
Looks pretty cool. Fresh and minimalist. Love it :-) Good work.
I have the same problem, I think it caused by CODE_FRAGMENT's proxy.
too slow. app is slower than mobile site and/or competing livejournal apps  like"eljay" (search the marketplace for it). what with the lack of features even in the main pc site  it's proof that livejournal is no match for even the much maligned facebook...rip livejournal.
My NSLog messages no longer show up in my Debug Area. Anyone have an idea how the could have happened? I can hit command-7 to bring of a list of logs in the left pane, select the latest one and view it in my editor window, but it is extremely annoying compared to having the console output in the debug area.
Then you ' ve got major problems ! Let me meditate on it ; it is extremely unpleasant , whatever . Are you on Linux or some other Unix - platform ? 
Great info! Thanks, Alex! :)
I'm happy to use it as the standard logo (i.e. website, etc.).
I for checking whether the function exists yet. In summary: Does that work for you? If it does then you can just wrap in a loop. A bit less nasty than a setTimeOut!
I would tend to leave them open -- but open them with the file share permissions set to allow other readers and make sure you flush log output with every message. I hate programs which don't even let you look at the logfile while they are running, or where the log file isn't flushed and lags behind what is happening.
Excellent resource, thank you!!
SVG transform on text attribute works excellent ! This snippet , for example , will increase your text by 2x at Y - axis . 
Loading and storing bytes in the byte [ ] consumes 1/2 the bandwidth versus chars in the char [ ].
We could, but that'd mean installing wsdl2ruby and so on and so forth. Sometimes Dog Slow is fine :-)
Excellent man! You know what you are doing! I appreciate your help with this one.
I'm afraid I don't know of any other option than work!
I do know the iPhone prefers PNG. But also PNG-24 with alphatransparency? I hope it does!
Suggestions that I found were.
My advice is to not even worry about it . HTML and XML , unlike most languages , are almost trivial to re - indent to any style the programmer wants . In HTML I use width - 2 tabs , and regularly have sections that run off the edge of the editor window . There ' s not really any way to avoid that unless you just skip indenting sections of the document . 
You've got to start with a custom instance of . We'd prefer to implement the simpler , but in this scenario we need access to the underlying . Then, to wire it up in the iBATIS config: Hope this helps!
iml file if anyone is curious how Intellij is viewing this module.
For OTP and other processes using `proc_lib`, see [How to find the supervisor of an OTP process?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4132317/how-to-find-the-supervisor-of-an-otp-process)
Most merchants I have worked with were scared to death of exactly that. There are few things scarier to a business than, "we're taking away your ability to get money".
Any decent browser should protect against malicious code in images so I don't think you'll have to worry. If you're truly concerned you can use a combination of getimagesize() and see about using a ClamAV extension/program to scan files for malicious code. Nothing is perfect though.
Ironically years later, I'm wondering why in the world I wanted to do this. I hate apps that do this.
No worries, I have definitely done that before while copying a url from jsfiddle!
Great, thank you, that fixed my issue!
for problem number two are you adding anyting to the list.
Tested / cross - browser : If there is no submit button , the form will degrade miserably if javascript is not available ! 
Pretty sure this was fixed by the time we released JRuby 1.6.
CorePlot: Candle Stick , how to set more distance between every stick when zoom in and zoom out? When i try to zoom out, it looks really terrible. How can i fix it?
I have not figured out how to set the font yet, but I did find an excellent example of how to make the colors on alternating rows of the list to vary in color: http://www.actionscript.org/forums/showthread.php3?t=188206 (It was different in AS2 - just needed one line. Now you need one line plus three whole classes.)
Awesome ! Its resolve my issue . But is there any way to copy / move files with billion of numbers and without removing existing files / folders ? 
You absolutly need to be compiling FILE_NAME JRE NUMBER!
awesome answer! very helpful
Funny, that is exactly what I just did. Great question!
Seems to be a faulty mailserver setup at laguna-industries.com.
what if you added a  feature to estimate your calories. when i miss a day (always horrible) the app assumes i ate nothing that day and my weekly nutrition does not include that day. the ability to assume an average of calories based on previous days would be incredibly helpful.
That would be unlikely . It depends on the randomness of the generated account number and the number of active accounts . With managed code you have to recurse 10s of thousands of times in order to break the stack . When the probability of non - uniqueness approaches 10,000 : 1 , then it ' s time to worry . 
there is no chance to add blank lines between html code in slim. closest solution to your case are adding comment such and but this is really painful
I tested this code out with an Access 2007 database with no exceptions (I went as high as 13000 inserts). However, what I noticed is that it is terribly slow as you are creating a connection every time. If you put the "using(connection)" outside the loop, it goes much faster.
I'm a little worried that they use a ``busy-waiting ''mechanism, as it would produce a lot of overhead.
How awesome would it be if the Delphi IDE would put code in 2 formats on the clipboard, so that code that is copied and pasted in e-mails or word-documents has proper highlighting instead of plain text?!
Voting to close, the question I linked back to should have everything you need.
I had figured out the solution. What I realized was happening was that The deployments stopped working period, not just certain files were not coming across. This is absolutely a bug in Azure deployment as near as I can figure. I had to drop & recreate my site in the cloud and the deployment continued to work. As a side rant. Microsoft makes it extremely painful for someone to submit a bug as compared to other software vendors. And they wonder why their market share is shrinking.
... Which brings me to the only downside I found: it might take a little while to wrap your head around TrueZIP.
How would you manage the lifecycle and automated build process when some of the projects (C# .csproj projects) are part of the actual build system? Example: A.csproj is a project that uses MSBuild tasks that are implemented in BuildEnv.csproj. Both projects are part of the same product (meaning, BuildEnv.csproj frequently changes as the product is being developed and not a 3rd party that is rarely updated)
I ' m trying to put together Handlebars + Masonry + Infinite Scroll . I successfully implemented Handlebars & Masonry but have no idea how to use Infinite scroll . My json is . Any kind of examples / help will be really awesome ! 
The video is private. Is there a copy somewhere?
What I am trying to do.
I sure as hell don't want to start attaching models for the sake of detaching them directly afterwards.
Jar file check following link.
If you don't have alot of rows returned I'll often use function. If its lots of rows, i'll just do the query in SQL Developer and save as xls, businessy types love excel for some reason.
I want to have a base class which implements some ' conf ' interface , then have a class that derive from base class but has its own version of conf class ( deriving from ' baseconf ' ) . At the end I would like to have a method with signature BaseProc ( Of IBaseConf ) Is it possible to write it that or should I change it completely ? The code looks this : Any help will be really appreciate : ) Thanks ! 
It sounds very scary to me to use a floating point number for a key in a `map`.
I want to format a XML document during unmarshal with JAXB . Unmarshal looks : While marshaling one can format the code via : But this isn  t possible for the unmarchal process ... Any idea how I can format the XML string with JAXB during ( or after ) unmarshal process ? BTW : I read some posts here about pretty print , but I want to do it with JAXB ! 
Pull it back in if you think different.
If you've created your File IO and pulled from it in a weird way, you can corrupt the encoding of the key material.
when I'm drag and drop some in chrome, it always make some noise, you can try it in your chrome: click on some empty place, then drag, then release mouse, it makes the sound. I really hate it, and I have seen some page don't have the chime sound, and I think it can avoid use javascript, can anyone tell me?
I forgot to mention one thing. You need to add this filter above struts filter in web.xml
Hate to say it, but how about just testing it?
Use `locale` and it's string collation methods to sort naturally according to current locale.
It's not possible to open the page in full screen without user interaction (clicking on a button etc.) because it would be extremely annoying.
I am trying to override Control-Meta-Down Arrow and Control-Meta-Up Arrow in emacs. I've tried all sorts of combinations of: and: etc... but it always says: . This means it is only taking into account the . Why is it ignoring the Control?? I've been working on this for 3 hours and emacs online documentation with regards to key bindings is surprisingly absolutely terrible.
Why is Silverlight included in the question title? SQLLite is not yet ported to Silverlight 2, and what you do on the server side doesn't really matter for the Silverlight client application.
Note that the GUI's CODE_FRAGMENT can update arbitrary components, and the progress bar can be customized.
Shit, there is an dependency. Please go to Preferences -> LDAP -> Entry Editor and enable the option "Show operational attributes".
The Java profiler is an excellent commercial solution. You can find further information in the docs on and .
Getting the ssrs add-in to install properly was a complete pain. I think it had to do with the fact that we did development on the server prior to installing the ssrs add-in. I ended up un-joining the farm, re-joining it, then installing the component. That got it to work. Then I just had to re-deploy solutions, re-activate features and re-configure my web.config.
I didn't know we needed to retain backwards config capability across 3.x to 4.x  :-(  That sucks and it'll make old code stick around longer.
Problems creating JAXBContext to marshal object as XML.
If you need to shorten the button code, Use View's in OnClick ( ) with help of switch statement.
Just a personal opinion, not an actual answer but... I love those login forms (not pages) which just shows up in the center of the page and after you type in your username and password you are logged in without ever leaving the current page!
Probably has something to do with the unbearable bugginess of the Telerik RadControls suite
onload() event is not firing in Safari when back button is clicked
Great answer! But as @paercebal mentioned, `auto` now has a different meaning, so could you please update the table at the end?
Why do you not want to store it in the assets folder? That's what it's for. Regardless, you can't reference your local hard drive for it. (also, personal opinion, Monotype Corsiva is a horrible, horrible font) EDIT: So I would add, you should be able to do it the way you're doing it, you just can't use your local hard drive. Just get a reference to your TypeFace as a , depending on where you are saving them (e.g. ) and use .
Excellent comment, Flea. My head asplode.
Is there a implementation in glibc or any of the standard Linux libraries for C? I want to be able to add to a list without worrying about its size. I know std::vector exists for C++, but I need the C equivalent.
Is this valid ? what I'm really worried about is can you specify type and also use def at the same time?
Thanks for being patient Devaraj!
sad faces! :( not workoing.
very good indeed well impressed how good a  tool it is. seems very accurate even on lower energy setting.
Why dont you simply wrap the absolutely excellent XOM with implicit conversions and such? Yes, it won't give you scala's XML-native-syntax style out of the box...
Thanks Adrien for looking into this, nice explanation!
Excellent hint! I was using scrollTo(0,0) and it was doing nothing
Eclipse error: `Failed to create the Java Virtual Machine '.
:-( This is a well-known CSS bug in IE6. AFAIK the workaround (it's horrible, shield your eyes) is to put an IFRAME underneath your menu so that the IFRAME obscures the improperly z-indexed SELECT. It's so very horrible. But JQuery is here to the rescue, as always:
I'm trying to bring a legacy C# .NET 1.1 application into the modern era. We use DataTables for our collections of what could have been business objects. Given that most of the code thinks it is talking to the interface of a DataRow, what generic collection would make for the least painful transition?
I have spent days trying to find any information or working samples on how I can get google data such as emails in my gmail inbox, list of my contacts, my calendar events etc... None whatsoever :( There are broken pieces of some code fragments here and there, 90% say it's been deprecated, is the a one single page on the internet that gives me a working example how to do that from javascript. Many pages about oAuth, but I have absolutely no idea how to use it , I have spent days reading broken pieces here and there, but I was unable to understand what that it and how I can use it PRACTICALLY. Very sad, and I am very tired to waste so much time on things that dont work and are not documented in human language, possible to understand. Why do they have to overcomplicate thing so much and spread broken pieces of information everywhere?
Complexity is O ( N ).
Excellent! That is what I'm looking for! Thanks very much!
I don't see how this is possible, but I really, really hate to run my query an extra time just to get the record count so I can build a pager. When I say a "pager" I simply mean the common gizmo with a link for each 10 records for example.
I am trying to make a search TextBox with an embedded magnifying glass icon . I have the following markup so far : However , I can ' t find the entry in SystemColors which will give me the same color as the standard TextBox border . This is a blueish color by default . Am I being really stupid here ? ! ? EDIT : btw , the image is contained in a stackpanel because I ' m planning to put a dropdown arrow in there as well . 
@Jakub nope, theres 21. Look at Jon's answer. The file names are lying!
I am developing a web page which embedded a " Google maps " view . In this web page , the user must specify several positions on the maps At this time , I am able to spread the balloons on the map displayed when the user click on a button to be dragged , but according to the zoom it can be very painful to zoom in and out to drag the balloon to a place . I would like to know if it could be possible to have a panel with all balloons to drag / drop on the map ? My current development : My target : 
Most DNS servers don't obey RFC1912 to be honest. Its a sad thing about ISPs.
there is no IDE work on my computer just devc + + and turboc and the two is too bad i want vc + + express or netBean c + + but nothing work ! i don ' t know why but i hate this situation it ' s too bad ! : ( 
Is it possible to add messages to the built-in error console of Firefox from JavaScript code running in web pages? I know that I there's Firebug, which provides a object and its own error console, but I was looking for a quick fix earlier on and couldn't find anything. I guess it might not be possible at all, to prevent malicious web pages from spamming the log?
I ' m trying to show a currency dynamicly , that works totally fine ! But I ' d like to change the pattern from " SFr . 150 ' 000.00 " to " 150 ' 000.00 SFr . " ( and still keep it dynamicly ! ) Any suggestions how I could do that ? Here is the code : Thanks in advance ! 
Now I want this, when the user check a shipper by EditTextView, I have from database an Object.
7 seconds between asking and answering it yourself? Isn't that abusing the system a little?
In the CODE_FRAGMENT listener we can determine which button was clicked.
I have added a reference to an excellent article showing to go about it.
I have a javascript document . write function that returns a textarea value to a field so : Now , I need the output of what is returned from the document . write part to be in BBCode output , so if the value fetched from the document . write function is [ b ] hello [ / b ] , it returns " hello " not [ b ] hello [ / b ] . Any help would be extremely appreciated ! 
John Spurlock, the create of OData4j, personally responds to almost all of the posts there.
Out of all that pseudocode, the only thing that really worries me is "extracts code samples from file". Reading files from a directory is trivial, saving a file is trivial. Regardless of the test framework I'd spend most of my time focusing on the parsing bit. For direct testing, I'd embed the snippets directly into the test case: Ah, I see another change I subtly made while writing the test: my ExamplesToCode.parse() returns an Array (or other iterable container), so that it can be tested apart from the iteration itself.
Interesting, I just replaced my src with the latest in the trunk and did a compleatly clean build and the problem seems to have gone away.
Great! I see that I am limited to 5 searches per hour. Are there any other limitations, for example can I use this every day?
If your end goal is to add elements to your page, just manipulate the DOM directly. Don't use string concatenation to try to create HTML - what a pain! See how much more straightforward it is to just create your element, instead of the HTML that represents your element: Then, later when you put the element in your page, instead of setting the of the parent element, call :
I would use ! to get everything with tag just do: to get the value inside of span you could do: there are tons of differnt methods of getting the informaton you need Good Luck hope this helps!
The result was byte [ ].
cool stuff! a good candidate to put on myfaces-commons-utils, so the user can just add the resource handler on its webapp faces-config.
I maintain an application which, during the course of two years, has constantly required new hardware to be even usable, due to the amount of new users / new data inserted. However, justifying the investiment is sometimes very hard to do. I started to wonder - how can I establish the maximum number of users a web application currently suports? I thought of using JMeter scripts but they can get really nasty to implement when having to simulate file transfers and decison trees. What do you guys use?
Except he says WCF right in the title. -1.
If you are not completely allergic to Perl, then comes with a tool named that can split a document, producing well-formed XML section. You can split on a level of the tree, by size or on an XPath expression.
I am working on an opensource app that using SubSonic 2.0.3 I need to regenerate some of the code so I need the tool that does that. I cannot find this version 2.0.3 of the code generator executable. Any help would be greatly appreciated!
Either you want to group or you don't. Now which is it? (This is why I really hate how MySQL allows non-aggregates in `GROUP BY`)
The following is the error I keep getting.
My approach to this problem would be: Create a that hosts a Add a dependency property to the . In the event handler, parse the CSV and update the accordingly. Add a dependency property to the - and when this changes, parse the CSV and add the data to the . See this question for a few pointers: By the way, a CSV of column names is a horrible interface! Why not expose a , then add a so that you can use a CSV string in XAML?
First off I'm really loving all the things you can do with CouchDB. I'm coming from a lot of front end JavaScript and I use console.log() for lots of debugging and testing tasks. I'm wondering how to console.log or what a better way to debug might be in CouchDB. Any suggestions would be really awesome!
I have a somewhat complicated issue . I have a grid defined ( using the Struts2 - JQuery Grid Plugin ) . One of the columns has a custom formatter that calls a Javascript function to put a button into that column . ( Note : I absolutely HATE doing it that way ) . The point of the button is to open up a dialog box . This dialog box contains a checkboxlist , which can ' t be rendered in the grid . Somehow , I need to pass a parameter to the action that returns the view that will be displayed inside the dialog . Since this is somewhat complex , here is the code : Grid definition : Javascript Custom Formatter : Dialog Definition : Remote Manage Roles JSP ( trimmed ) : Since I get the id of the grid object via javascript , but use the JSP taglib for the dialog , how can I pass the id around ? 
avoid the auto method, to apply by hand is such painful :(
`e.Text.All(cc => Char.IsNumber(cc) || cc == '.' || cc == '-')` ?
Lots of people talk about writing tests for their code before they start writing their code. This practice is generally known as Test Driven Development or TDD for short. What benefits do I gain from writing software this way? How do I get started with this practice?
this is it i've been lookingf for daily muslim apps to guide and track my prayer
Sorry -- Current output is raw HTML as far as I know. I'll double check that, though. Warren -- I suppose that is what I'll have to do. Looks quite scary, though!
I misunderstood the case and sorry for the confusion.
I have a Unix command to send email.
Excellent. Thanks.
Can you expand to what type of caching you're talking about?
? this is funny but creepy at the same time
However, I figured it was better to get it in the public domain sooner and let the iterative process do it's work.
here is some code to have a gif (that already have transparency in it) transformed (supposed you want to resize it) in bitmap and then can be showed properly with it's transparency. Good luck ! Grgoire Lafortune
@EBGreen - I didn't want to be guilty of "Not invented here"; if there is a pre-canned answer, I'm game.
VirtualBox ( after version 1.3.8 , anyway ) will let you map incoming connections in the NAT configuration . There ' s an excellent tutorial on that describes the steps to configure port mapping . 
that is what I am doing now. I find this a more practical solution and I see there are other people doing the same. Well, great!
I really liked learning ML at college . I find functional programming often a refreshingly elegant way to write certain algorithms . I have heard of F # and played around with that a bit . Still , I ' ve written some interesting functions in ML and would like to integrate them as libraries I could use in other applications . Usually I paste my functions into the SMLnj interpreter . Is there a way I can compile them down ? 
I recently moved from a Mac + Textmate back to Visual Studio. The one thing I absolutely loved about textmate was it's find/search feature. It made navigating solution files so easy. Is there an equivalent shortcut/addon for Visual Studio?
Here is the code that does the push.
I don't know if it is possible to show timer on cards.
You are using Java 7, so if you can in your current environment, give it a try.
Not without logging or tracing, I'm afraid
There is a guy who made the exact same observation as you, and he has published a blog post with a simple working example of a Quartz.net Console application. I used it with great success yesterday!
In my MySQL table, there is a row labeled "state". There are 3 values possible for this. How could I utilise PHP to echo "Unbanned" as apposed to "0" in state? And "Banned" as apposed to "1" and "Temp-Banned" as apposed to "3"? How would I use php to display "UnBanned" instead of 0 in the MySQL? I am using a table for this. All help is incredibly appreciated :)
I think this may get awfully painful if I need to use more of `$.ajax`'s properties locally
Not for me , but I can suggest some possibilities : It may cause problem while editing -- > This can be solved by using some comments -- > And then this will cause the code messier Some code may crash and your code success will go away from you | . | -- > No solution - unless you know more about the code ! Code upgrade problem -- If external code has upgrade you may have problem to know which is that code -- > Again use comments -- > And again messier So these are some that I can think about ! EDIT --- Some cons : You can make it more convenient to edit -- > You can edit more than one code at onceYou can edit some code that you wan ' t able to edit ( external resource before ) -- > Modifying is more convenient . You can make it load faster -- > 1 file with 1000 KB is faster than 1000 files with 1 KB each . It is safer -- > You don ' t need to worry about external resource being deleted ! ! These are my suggestions . Try to think more about it ! 
I found that the best way to do this was to use Access and save as a text file and then you can set your own field width and export. excellent!
slot game. it was a great game but it has stopped paying out almost completely.
CODE_FRAGMENT is an extension of CODE_FRAGMENT that adds a CODE_FRAGMENT status code.
Im maintaining a site where I need to ' click ' a link with javascript . The href is inline javascript , not a url so I cant just navigate to that url instead . Im expect this is bad practice ( the rest of the site is terrible ! ) but I need to make the link ' clicked ' with javascript . Im using jQuery . I know this question has been asked before but it seems normally people are trying to follow the link , which I am not . 
In fact, if you happen to know why ObserverHammerQuorumTest is failing with this latest patch, I'd love to hear.
Based mostly on , but also , and my own experience, I don't think it's possible without a lot of ugliness, pain or without converting your LINQ to SQL code generation over to (not appealing, IMO).
From what i have found the only API that is almost up to date is RestFB.
You can use Mercurial on Google code now. I never tried git before but I'm loving Mercurial.
Personally, just because you can doesn't mean you should.
When I click on Memcache Viewer the whole dashboard crashes and I have to login again. This is really worrying me as we are serving data to many users. A server error has occurred. Is there a way to see the internal logs? I can't see anything in nor . Is there any other way to reset the Memcache?
As far as I know, and I'm definately not a hacker, you are completely fine. Really, if someone wanted to, they could exploit your code anyway clientside, but i don't see how they could exploit your server side code using javascript (unless you use server side javascript)
? not for motorola defy
As well, I am adding a set amount of Labels using an array and a for loop,.
I'm interested in seeing the answer to this as well. :) Good luck!
Other's have posted equally viable options, so really pick the one that makes the code prettiest to you! :-)
Works great ! And you can add " desc " after the end to sort in other direction . In which case the strings will show first . I like how this solution doesnt actually pad the numbers in the result output . 
The question was "how important". Answer: it is NOT important at all. If you don't have a dozen servers running this app already, then this is probably early optimization, and as we all know, early optimization is the root of all evil. In other words: don't even worry about it. There are a lot of other things to optimize speed before you should even consider this.
My company is just starting to look at using WPF for migrating all of our 10 year old business applications . These applications will most of the time be running on computers that have limited / old hardware . We are now a little worried that the hardware might be too limited for using WPF . We have installed Family . Show ( ) on an basic older computer and that seems to run ok . But we would like know what your experiences with WPF on older hardware is ? Anyone out there willing to share some experiences with us ? 
Wouldn't it be easier to store a shared copy of it in the application class?
Does anyone commit Qt to their own source control? If so, how do you do it? Do you commit the whole Qt directory or do you pick only the ones that your application needs (bin/lib/include/src) How do you handle the case when new Qt version comes out? I'm asking because I'm trying to setup Build automation and Qt moc is a bit of a pain...and just wondering how people handle committing 3rd party library in general.
No worries, and +1 to your answer!
I'm a complete newbie to C++. Can somebody explain to me how this works?
I am new to Qt. While digging inside Qt's documentations, I found QListWidget to be useful. But I'm not sure how to do it. The following image shows what I want. Any help would be really awesome! Note: I don't want to do this using Qt Quick.
I'm not sure what you mean by "pure C" but strchr() and string.h have been part of Standard C for 20 years.
@gbjbaanb, Why are you even talking about builds **here**? Read the question again. The deltas are significantly smaller for the files you are talking about because there are common bits between versions to take advantage of. Not so for video files. Add a 5 minute preview to the start of your video file and the bytes of the *entire* video file changes. There are no common bits a general-purpose `diff` can take advantage of, which is exactly the reason why your out-of-the-box git and hg fail miserably for these binary files.
Moderate > 300 - 500 nodes at once
Rebol (600 Ko only) is based on antigrain geometry library which is Opensource It seems really great, can OpenGL do better ?
How come this doesn't work (operating on an empty select list But this does: Replace: var dropdownList = $("#requestTypes"); With plain old javascript: var dropdownList = document.getElementById("requestTypes"); Any insights greatly appreciated!!
Nice, I did not think about using the system tables.
that's what I thought, that's why I'm surprised
You must redraw your background with each change in your line (thats the canvas way) Dont worry, canvas is very fast at redrawing! Here is code and a Fiddle:
Offtopic: why the hell do you apply the regexp only to the first 4 characters of the user agent? This is going to fail horribly in most cases.
This is a question just to satisfy my curiosity.
I think we all know it just sucks.
To get it to work in Internet Explorer I had to use following code:
I'll update re your response
cool man it looks good. we need a changes entry but from my side this looks good. we can tackle the todos on trunk
Is it possible you have an older version lying around in your bin folder? Another alternative is that some other code is comipled against the older version. If all else fails you can use to force your new version.
I have a datagridview and need of context menu. When i right-click on cell (RED POINT) - context menu shows.. But in wrong place. Can't understand why here is the code: That stuff really annoys me!
I'm trying to post comments on an app page in Facebook.
Excellent article! Very useful :)
+1 excellent ! I was searching it for hours...
Not CLR Triggers or Triggers that can run managed code AFAIK
Press CTRL + C and keep on processng CTRL . Query was killed for me .... : ) Ubuntu 12.04 
The whole purpose of J# is to ease the transition of Java developers to the .NET environment which didn't work so well (I guessing here) so Microsoft dropped J# from Visual Studio 2008. For your question, "Is there a real benefit of using J#?".. in a nutshell... No..
i am also having this exact problem . large table , nested divs within table . firefox renders teh page within 10 seconds , ie renders the table after a wait of 2 minutes . firefox still zips along with teh drag and dtop , ie crawls .. infact it freezes , and the drag and drop sdoes not work . am going to try some of teh solutions below . the fixed width , and the # id tagname . class references . But i do fear that it will still be slow . if anyone else has some good i deas , I would be all ears . 
Holy (*&^. I just looked at the jquery solution: add a hidden element to the DOM containing every conceivable tag and then reverse engineer the geometry conventions. The web is truly amazing place!
The problem with your code is that you are getting the text of the function in your " template " variable . You still need to that text to create an actual JST instance on the window . The problem as a whole is that you are abusing the text ! plugin , what you really need to do is use the modules of requireJs instead of hanging your variables on the window . 
As a tip: Sorting the whole mess can be very annoying if you had another class structure before. Use CodeMaid, which can do it automatically.
One last note: you mentioned that your line ``lacked API_NAME ''.
@ tdiop your users will still hate losing their selection though ! 
I need to transform this : into this : I tried to use wrapAll with jquery , something that : Any suggestions would be really appreciated : ) Thank you very much ! 
What we have now come up with is halfway what I wanted . Basically we used JNI to call upon native Windows RTF control ( the one used by WodPad ) - this way we don ' t have to worry about nasty ActiveX deployment issues , but still it ' s a hack 
I love Raymond Chen's blog! I would have considered putting this in the suggestion box if it wasn't closed.
I need to pass a regex substitution as a variable: This, of course, doesn't work. I tried eval'ing the substitution: but that didn't work either. What horribly obvious thing am I missing here?
Is there a way to reuse a 3rd party control reference? For example, I have this referenced in my App.xaml I don't want to repeat this 3rd party control xml namespace on each page/control that needs a control from the library. Is there anyway to centralize these references and use the prefix defined here? The possibility of each control having a different prefix is also worrisome. In asp.net you would put a reference in the web.config and it was available globally, I'm just looking to see if there is a similar method in WPF.
Sorry, I tought I could commit this patch but I did not realize that one of the files is in the framework (and I have not access to it).
Dude I feel your pain, same issue here.
I ' ve used the pspell package to do this . Take the search term , check the spelling . If its not OK , PSPELL will make suggestions . You can even run the suggestions though your search , count the results , and then say : Your search for " foo " returned 0 results . Did you mean " baz " ( 12 results ) or " bar " ( 3 result ) . If you are worried about performance , only do this when a search returns 0 results . 
@AndrewLazarus - Excellent point!!
Its really depressing. Ended up with downloading the whole bundle again.
If you decide to use events to drive your swf in order to approximate different frame rates I ' d recommend using a tween engine like . It ' s free ( as in beer ) and I ' ve used it very successfully for frame based tweening in the past . 
Didn't notice the horrid inline jQuery, remove it! Then open the browser console (F12) and check for errors.
You should try Type Hierarchy. Right Click the class and Open Type Hierarchy. There are so many option look for Show all inherited members. It can be found at the lover section of the Type Hierarchy Widget.
CODE_FRAGMENT overrides these methods, so there is no fear that such an Exception will be thrown.
I ' m working on a package which includes rescaling of images in PHP . For image rescaling , PHP has the GD and ImageMagick libraries . Are those likely to be part of a given client ' s PHP install already ? Is there a " default " install of PHP , for that matter ? By default , are either GD or ImageMagick included ? If neither is installed , should I have some sort of horrible fallback position of reading , rescaling , and saving GIFs , JPGs , and PNGs , or is it simple to add GD or ImageMagick to an existing install ? 
No. I cannot seem to be getting the module to work. Its really pain staking.
When I run my client, it throws the following exception.
here's my hack that assumes arguments are all imaginary: ...horrible! but what you ask for isn't really possible without for instance hacking to dispatch to a new subtype of java.lang.Number. Really it would make more sense to use a Java or Clojure complex number library.
so, how we can parse above like example expression easier, or FILE_NAME api for string parser.
It was caused by the scenario drawn at WEB_ADDRESS of Microsoft.
I have an application where I need to adjust view position according to current focused subview (it's a list with focusable items, current focused item must be in the center of the screen - used for a tv application controlled from tv remote). Position must be adjusted with animation. I got it working with just one problem: if the user changes focus before the animation is complete (quickly taps "up" button twice) next animation starts with "jump" - it starts from the same position as did the first one. So what I try to do is I cancel previous animation and start another, but then new animation starts from the point where first animation was started, so user can see a very obvious jumps in the animation, which look really awful. Here's the code: So must question is: how can I start translate animation from the point where previous translate animation left on (assuming that it was cancelled)? Or, in a simplier words, how can I determine current visible rect of a view?
but using fork will break usage on jruby ... just saying 
I'm trying to insert the following array ( from a html form ) but i believe i'm working with this array in a very awful way The array: Actual code: ?> current output: What would be a decent way to do it? EDIT : No need to show how to connect to a database, i just need to deal with the array data.
Why is this getting downvoted ? He got the terms IDE and compiler mixed up , but it ' s still an excellent question . He wants to know if Sun makes an official IDE , Microsoft does with their Express products . 
We can do this quite neatly using numpy, without having to worry about the channels at all! output: input:
Excellent! It works, thank you very much.
I can't seem to find the answer to this anywhere... I have a function that needs to set the bg color of two tables. Only the first table in the function is being affected. Is only one for loop allowed in a function? ...or is the 1st for loop maybe never exiting? I can pretty much work around this by creating multiple functions but I really want to understand why this behaves the way it does! Thanks! Here is my simplified code:
The answer with a GUID is completely ridiculous (no sense at all) The Console hWnd is of course given by GetConsoleWindow() (!)
Yes, these queries are horrible. Do a regular join instead.
I got iPhone app. When i start it, i see black view. This black view is shown before app's first view. And it looks really awful. Can i set here preview picture?
Is it possible to embed an inline search box into a web page which provides similar functionality to the or similar plugins for Firefox/Safari?
It would be a good practice to have a separate button that will disable method since it is very easy to get confused when using your program if the code for disabling and enabling this method is all written in one method named so I suggest you separate them to make the program ' s design more precise . Next thing you can do is to execute a , whic you are going to mark as . After having done this you can use . Here ' s how : Be warned that it ' s sometimes dangerous to throw exceptions as it creates some other bugs , but this option won ' t hurt much if you ' re just trying to disable a function . By the way , this will really not remove the method as it will just replace it , it ' s now up to you to choose which method will receive this . Hope this was helpful ! 
I think the fact that you have SVN at the moment makes this question less obvious . A managers might avoid formalising something from fear that a poorly conceived process will trump being reactive . There are many options , and finding the right combination may require a series of smaller changes . 
I am in need of generating a random string with spaces and mixedCase. is all I got so far: I am getting only uppercase strings with no spaces - I believe the tweak should be pretty striaghtforward to get mixed case and spaces in the soup. Any help greatly appreciated!
It is not advisable to avoid an exception with an empty catch block even though you are completely sure that is not going to fail under any circumstance.
? this game is awesome
Remember to Include System.Text if you want to use StringBuilder.
Speed of data entry. We have data entry operators who hammer data in using the keyboard (and often just the numeric keypad) so it's impractical for them to reach for the mouse half way through an entry screen.
I am trying to figure out how I could make something that looks like a folder file structure for a Java shell I am trying to make.
The objective of my endeavour is to have a linux computer execute a command (or maybe a local script - on the target) over a local network. Ideally, I would use SSH to do this but unfortunately my embedded target is running WinCE which is absolutely horrible. To do this, I would require an SSH server running on WinCE. I looked into the OpenSSH port but it doesn't work and development for that stalled six years ago. To wrap up, I am looking for an alternative solution to using SSH on WinCE. So, any ideas?
What I don't understand is -- if one thread is still stuck, deadlocked, inside CODE_FRAGMENT, then how come all the other threads were able to get past the CODE_FRAGMENT call?
Does string immutability work by statement , or by strings within a statement ? For example , I understand that the following code will allocate two strings on the heap . " hello " will remain on the heap until garbage collected ; and s now references " hello world ! " on the heap . However , how many strings does the following line allocate on the heap ... 1 or 2 ? Also , is there a tool / way to verify the results ? 
There is a plugin for Wordpress to help you with that. Hope that helps!
It ' s supposed to work via FastCGI . But I haven ' t had great success ( using Vista ) . I can get PHP to run , but it crashes after a page loads ( FastCGI does ) . So I ' m modding you up . I ' d like to see a reliable answer myself . 
Unless you are able to demonstrate the problem with displayed code then I'm afraid there's not much more I can do to help you out.
and the callback expected takes a parameter of a record.
This is one way of handling it, if you're receiving uploaded files.
I've been tackling the same issue. It's a pain!
Suppose I have this interface And this class Is there a way, or is there a tool that can let me automatically put in the comments of each member in a base class or interface? Because I hate re-writing the same comments for each derived sub-class!
Here it's the function that parses the json.
You're results are awesome Paul. Great work :) Looking forward to see your new JSON parser in trunk whenever you think is ready."
Have you compared with `Enum.GetName()`?
Don't mess with Ext.Loader unless you feel extremely masochistic. The Land of Big Pain lies down that road.
All the places I've worked have given me liberty with regard to development environment, although the production env. has always been some brand of Linux - usually RH or CentOS. I personally use Windows 7 for dev., and I wouldn't use anything else. You spend way less time debugging the OS, and more time coding. This makes management much happier! (PHP developer mostly)
The Adobe example "works" in Firefox 3.0.1 in the sense that the background is transparent. However, in Firefox 3.0.1 and Safari 3.1.2 you must click the play button twice to see the animation.
When I print the path of the resource using API_NAME ( ''/ resource/API _ NAME'' ) it gives the path correctly as.
The above code sample uses 100 % cpu until DONE is true . How can I implement a program that loops and only terminates when DONE , but which doesn ' t use 100 % cpu ? Modern languages use something App . ProcessMessages or something that to give the OS the control for the moment and then return to the loop . I ' m new at C , obviously ... using latest GCC , linux and windows ( a portable solution would be great ! ) 
Paradise, if you submit that as a separate response I'll make you the winner!
Another backport (for a different jira) of mine is failing and I want to see if I can figure out what might be wrong there before doing a new backport.
If I understand this correctly : Current CPU developing companies AMD and Intel have their own API codes ( the assembly language ) as what they see as the 2G language on top of the Machine code ( 1G language ) Would it be possible or desirable ( performance or otherwise ) to have a CPU that would perform IL handling at it ' s core instead of the current API calls ? 
There is a slight improvement that you can do that uses the CODE_FRAGMENT's internal cache by using its CODE_FRAGMENT method.
If I have a setup project in a VS 2010 solution and I add/remove another project, or unload/reload another project any setup projects in the solution are expanded in the solution explorer. It only does this for setup projects and it is extremely annoying. Is there any way to disable this behaviour?
@ Chris , excellent , I ' m thrilled to hear that you ' re migrating to salted hashes ! : ) 
I think the actual CODE_FRAGMENT would be a little more complicated to simplify.
Sometimes youre developing and you decide to commit, forgetting you created a few files on your project. Then a few days down the line your buddy gets your build out of subversion and complains that some files appear to be missing. You realize, ah crap, I forgot to add those files! How can I get a list of the files that are not under version control from subversion so I'm sure I've added everything to the repository?
So there are a few possible causes to your woes and I'll state the likely quick fix first, and then state some best practices below that you should consider doing in the long term.
Seems that it has moved to github: https://github.com/mono/taglib-sharp
the way memory handling works in C extension of python has nothing to do with RAII, and is certainly not scope based. I wish it were, though, because as much as I hate C++, RAII is the one thing that makes C++ better than C in this area.
I've knocked up a basic version of what I'm looking for, it's not perfect but it'll do the job until something better comes along.
These are the tables: How would I do to list the last commented thread on top? This is currently how it looks: I can't figure this one out folks. So if someone could give me an hand that would be great! Cheers!
The move to version 7 is painful, I totally agree. Our process has taken just as long (and seems to be stretching out forever) - especially coming away from Rational Suite into individual v7 products.
A database is meant to manage large volumes of data, and are supposed to give you fast access to read and write that data in spite of the size. Put simply, they manage scale for data - scale that you don't want to deal with. If you have only a few users (hundreds?), you could just as easily manage the data on disk (say XML?) and keep the data in memory. The images should clearly not go in to the database so the question is how much data, or for how many users are you maintaining this database instance?
Just that they make you list the type twice. i.e. List list = new ArrayList()
This can probably be done using JavaScript.
I would avoid to generate the full XML String ( see @AdriaanKoster 'response ).
For C / C + + on Windows you have ( at least ) two choices : Use the SerialPort class provided by . NET . Use the Win32 API . There is an dating back to 1995 , and many free libraries and examples on the web to get you started . The . NET option will be much easier . 
i like it this app treet as dr for short term memory lose decese.
No `.vimrc` comes first :( and I really hate to modify plugins...
So, the following hack seems to work, but it's really incredibly ugly IMO, as it relies on you controlling the line-height and using absolute positioning. Worse, it requires you to know how many lines there are in your text, which depends on the width of the div and the font-size, and probably requires JS to compute.Anyway, after all the above disclaimers, here's the hack: Use two divs with the same text, one on top of the other. One justified, one centered. Then clip the justified one.HTML CSS Fiddle.Of course, the above code is hard-coded for the specific width. Again, you'll probably need JS in order to compute the number of lines in the div. I'm pretty sure that until this gets implemented in Webkit you probably won't find an elegant solution for your problem.
I have a hidden UIpickerView that should display a different Array depending on what button is pushed. The picker view shows up when the button is pushed but for some reason it doesn't show the Arrays in the picker view. I would be extremely grateful of any help!!!! Here is the .m file: Many Thanks
This is officially the first time I have seen it referred to as Red Gate's Reflector as opposed to Lutz Roeders Reflector. Sort of sad in a way
Sorry about the confusion before
Filling diags.log is bad mojo, since it's never rotated.
Write to file.
Given that my client code knows everything it needs to about the remoting object, what's the simplest way to connect to it? This is what I'm doing at the moment:
The other day I noticed that if I run IEInspector's HttpAnalyser and capture the post data when logging into my bank account or amazon account the post data shows my user name and password in the clear. This is a little concerning. Does anyone know at what point the SSL encryption takes place? This I assume would mean that any software that is installed on your machine could potentially get access to this post data. Very scary.
I think you are looking for the .
Its Ajax, I dunno anything about it. And looking at the link which you have given seems very scary to understand and implement.
FlexUnit is pretty awesome - Also ASUnit - They are both pretty similiar and both haven taken quite a bit from frameworks JUnit . FlexMonkey ( ) although I haven ' t used it myself seems to do UI unit testing . 
Yes, Lily, but *why*? It sound exactly what someone who develops a malicious piece of software would ask.
In what language? In PHP it is: example:
php uses to connect strings not and all the comments from Dachi and Mister Melancholy apply!
who the fuck is asking for scores, but not the max score, and why does their insanely specialized use case justify all these booleans on a central lucene class.
You should never, ever use . It gets really really slow as the size of table grows. Instead you should . In case you have irrational fear of learning, here is there solution which would do what you ask for:
There are several articles on the Internet about developing elevated processes in Vista, but essentially elevation requests involve decorating .NET assemblies and WIN32 executables with elevation status in the application manifest file (may be embedded or side-by-side). There is an excellent blog post about your question which provides the code you'll probably need:
What you can do here is hide the button that pushes the view that only instructors can see , if the user is logged in is of type student . In the view that has the button that pushes the view that only instructors can use do this : In the . h file create a property for the button that pushes the view so : In the . m file : In the viewWillAppear method of the view do the following check : This way , when the view loads , the button that pushes the instructor view will only be accessible to the users of type " Instructor " . Hope it helps ! 
Aside from the job succeeding (it doesn't), what effect should I be able to measure (in order to see if this is doing anything)?
I'm trying to follow and similar tutorials. I've got a custom SPJobDefinition derivative and a feature. The definition doesn't do anything yet, since I'm just trying to get it setup. The feature has the following code in the FeatureActivated: What am I missing? It all deploys fine, and the feature activates fine, but it doesn't show up in the list of job definitions!
discusses writing jQuery plugins/libraries in excruciating detail. What NOT to do: What to do: I also wrote a last year about various methods for namespacing in JavaScript (non-jQuery related).
And you're able to use an external configuration file ( no extender needed ) to configure your logging.
I've a JSON structure which is fully dynamic, I don't always know what structure will come from it.
It sounds you might want to use . It is extremely awesome . If you use Datejs , here ' s how you could do it : ex . for me : returns an array with 3 Date objects : 
Sorry, I forgot to change the priority of this one.
(lack of line breaks in comments is saddening!)
CODE_FRAGMENT is what you use to create an object in managed heap.
Netbeans is showing all files and folders under /var/www/application/app/webroot/ as ignored, but that is not what is in the .gitignore file. Any ideas? This is incredibly annoying. Git version 1.7.9.5 Netbeans version 7.2.1 (Build 201210100934) Here is the ignore file:
This could be terribly trivial, but I'm having trouble finding an answer that executes in less than n^2 time. Let's say I have two string arrays and I want to know which strings exist in both arrays. How would I do that, efficiently, in VB.NET or is there a way to do this other than a double loop?
Below is FILE_NAME which holds the data -.
I would like to get back all the option selected of a multiple select when i submit my form . : using somthing that : and get an array with all the value selected [ ' 2 ' , ' 3 ' ] All that , without jQuery and in js or php is fine : ) thx ! 
If you just want to test the build , you can suppress the lines concerning ChartFx from the . licx file created by Visual Studio . It should build this way , but probably will not execute correctly , as the license will not be included . The . licx file contains instructions to include binary license resource during build . I ' m afraid that if you want a real build you have to install ChartFx on the build server . 
I haven't used EclipseLink myself, so all I can do is guess, but what surprises me is that FILE_NAME doesn't have a setter for the id property.
@sheidaei great :) keep it up! you even get 2 point bonus for accepting.
I'm looking for experiences with deploying Crystal reports (the basic version, bundled with VS2008) into a production environment. Are there any restrictions? Does it limit the number of concurrent users? Other than downloading and installing the CRRedist2008_x86.msi on the production server, anything to worry about? (And judging from the comments here and other places, yes it would be better to find another solution, but unless there's something free that works with VS2008/IIS6, we're stuck with it for now).
I'm all for option 2. I'd say it's a formatting issue, which is, in my opinion, for the view to worry about.
Read [The Absolute Minimum Every Software Developer Absolutely, Positively Must Know About Unicode and Character Sets (No Excuses!)](http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/Unicode.html) by Joel Spolsky :-)
If you are really worried to know user's Browser Info then you need to determine the Browser and pass that to action.. Look at
I'm trying to pull the whole set of objects that I want to work with into memory so I can cut down on calls to the database. If I call a SELECT for each iteration I'm looking at hundreds of thousands of calls, which is running horrifically slow.
My form receives asynchronous callbacks from another object on random worker threads. I have been passing the data to the main thread (where it can be used to update onscreen controls) using delegates as shown below. Performance is dreadful -- once I reach 500 updates per second, the program completely locks up. My GUI processing itself is not the problem, as I can simulate this level of updating within the form and have no problems. Is there a more efficient mechanism I should be using to hand off the data from thread to thread?
I really hate to give any pointers without explanation but i think your requirements are bigger ::: so --->
I'm afraid it can't be done, the psudo-class selectors can't be set in-line, you'll have to do it on the page or on a stylesheet. I should mention that technically you should be able to do it , but most browsers don't support it Edit: I just did a quick test with this: And it doesn't work in IE7, IE8 beta 2, Firefox or Chrome. Can anyone else test in any other browsers?
I `am using library CODE_FRAGMENT for work with CODE_FRAGMENT file's.
Yes , it ' s possible , juste remove the second parameter of your method ( it ' s totally useless ) ans it will work ( I tested the code ) ! 
For you guys who can't find the 'Documents and Settings' (whatever reason there may be) here is another path where the trusted.certs can be found: Hope this helps!
a big minus of this implementation is you don't think about cases when your item is not found
If you are currently using a to display the , than you can create a custom which does filtering automatically as you type keys. The following webpage provides an excellent example of this: Good luck!
Its not One is it? I have a method that gets five Lists from different repositories. Each call opens and closes a new Datacontext. Is this ok to do or should I wrap everything in One datacontext. In this case it is not straightforward to use the same datacontext, but i am afraid that opening and closing numerous datacontext in one page request is not good.
Visual studio crashes as soon as I open aspx or ascx View from MVC 2.0 project. If I delete all bin and obj folders from projects, I can open aspx and ascx View page. But it crashes again after compiling. It started to crash after I moved strong typed model to different project. I got stuck and cannot go further, really frustrated! I'm using Visual staudio 2008 Sp1. MVC 2.0, Window xp sp3. .NET 3.5 sp1. Anyone can help?
But I want to connect this mobile application to the IIS server.
This is better than mine. Didn't know you could do a string array for formats. Very nice!
Is it to use the ViewData argument? As you already have seen that would be absolutely horrible. What I want to know is this: What is the recommended way to pass this sort of layout configuration to the partial view? By using a view model of course: and then: and then: and then: and then: and so on...
hate the app love the moga and love the service  but this app is hideous
more than 7? How about more than 2 or 3? Remembering the argument ordering in constructors is a real pain.
This RegEx might work for you ( it is very hungry - greedy ) : But I would advise to use instead . It provides the ability to use HTML ' s DOM . So you would work with it just with XmlDocument : 
Is that ok for this file (b/c I have no idea how to do the svn move now ... after I've made all the changes already) :)
+1 for actually *answering* the question.
you actually can use HTML5 tech to apply on that beside, you can use a gem 'client-side validation' the github is here I suggest you use the gem...pretty awesome :D
Igor, sorry it took me so long to get back to this.
Didn't got the time to try it yet.
Pixel Bender files don't run under iOS. See other limitations here:
This is a copy of the question : But now is for netbeans (I'm not a eclipse lover. CTRL+TAB does not change pages.) Please, I'm very curious.
How do I stop a browser refresh from happening when a flash object has focus inside a pop up window? Yes, I abhor pop up windows too. Yet we have a flash questionnaire that is being wrecked from users who use refresh. I also already have js in place that effectively blocks refresh, UNTIL the flash gets focus and the user presses refresh. I have access to the Flash through our Flash developer, but he is uncertain of how to do this. The closest we could come up with was to use the fscommand trapallkeys, yet it does not appear to be working.
Sad that you had to preface with "Reasons for doing this aside" in order to prevent a flame war or such...
Can I fix the width and the height of jQueryMobile dialog? Currently, the size of width is 100% which is really awful in iPad.
I'm afraid you're either reading Steve Sounders' post wrong, or typing it wrong. Steve's findings are that his Squid proxy didn't cache the querystring URL - which is the exact opposite of "require filename changes in order to break the cache".
Great, excellent. You're welcome!
I'm looking for some open source alternative to create reports from classic asp they don't have to be something awfully elaborated, we rather find some simple product that allows us to generate pdf files from a data set. we were thinking about developing some kind of service that took an xml as input and returned a pdf, probably with jasperreports or any other free tool... we also looked for a component that could convert plain html to pdf, adding some special tags to handle pagination and layout... any idea?
I'm very busy for the moment so I didn't know when I 'd be able to the change myself, so if you can, your contribution would be one more time really appreciated.
No worries found it! I clicked on the little button on the top right of this
Nick Rigby wrote an excellent article for A List Apart titled Uses fieldset, legend, label. Highly semantic.
I have a page with many forms in panels and usercontrols, and a requiredfield validator I just added to one form is preventing all of my other forms from submitting. what's the rule that I'm not following?
1) Make sure FB engine is 1.5 and there's no Interbase server running on this seme box on the port you expected fb 1.5. 2) Make sure you don't have any UDF called 'substring' registered inside this DB so that FB is especting different params.
I have just read and I really loved to the question. Naturally, an interesting question popped in my head... How to add my own events (of my own applications) in the Control Panel -> Sounds and Audio Devices -> Sounds -> Program Events? And another related question, that I suppose should be answered here as well is... How do I play those sounds specified in the Control Panel, when the event in my application occurs?
I learned that such beans are proxied using CGLib, but still can not figure out how proxy can handle thread.
That works! Very awesome :) How do I select your answer as the solution?
You can see in the code above I use this to call my bean in the other proyect.
Regarding WCF / FTP / WS - Attachment / DIME : Excellent suggestions and some interesting reading . These are probably the types of long term solutions that I will end up using . However if there was some short term solution for changing the upload size in IIS7 that would be excellent . Thanks . 
The fact that the size constraint, and expansion is only related to CODE_FRAGMENT can also be a reason, not to add this behaviour to the method.
Hey, I'm new to this site. I think it is great! Okay, here's the deal. I just downloaded Smule Ocarina. I was wondering how they made it so you can upload a song to the cloud. I might have an app idea that might incorporate this. How would I do this? What would I need?
a superb app i came to android about a year ago from an iphone  and i tried every reddit client out there such as baconreader and reddit news. these were all good apps  but none of them compared to my experience with alienblue. then  i tried reddit sync and it has become almost exclusively the only way i read redditch anymore. the holo interface and black night mode are easy on my eyes and it has all of the features i need.
How can I detect a USB device plug in and out ( kind of listening ) with Java?
The following will mirror your dev DB up to production on heroku : heroku rake db : push but what you probably really need ( ed ) to do was run the migration heroku rake db : migrate Good luck ! 
all variables will be initialized ( with value 1 ).
I opened [HADOOP-3607] to fix a wrong URL, but appart from that I don't there's still references to the old structure.
Sorry, this should be YARN JIRA - filed YARN-350 instead
This question is still incredibly vague about what you are looking for . I guess your acceptance of an answer , however , lets us reverse engineer the problem . 
Sorry, I was just trying to help and obviously misread the question. No need to get angry!
Gah. parsing HTML with regexes. horrible horrible horrible.
If you don't mind working at a slightly lower level, httplib2 () is an excellent HTTP library that includes caching functionality.
I've given an example below.
This seems fairly trivial but is giving me hella grief! I have a module in the lib folder. The controller. config/Application.rb And I get this error I know the module is loaded correctly. What am I doing wrong?
I have a column containing the strings 'Operator (1)' and so on until 'Operator (600)' so far. I want to get them numerically ordered and I've come up with which is very very ugly. Better suggestions?
If you would like to switch to different network operators - The answer is No , you are not able to do that programmatically . There is no API that supports that . If you want to switch to different wireless networks the answer is Yes , read post . If you would like to check for different kinds of connectivity states - Look . Good luck , hope this helped ! 
Java library for reading multipart/form-data http body containing multiple files.
I usualy send all mine to /dev/null that way I don't ever have to worry about it. I have known some people who set it to /bin/logout so that when someone logged in they were logged back out.
My company currently use CruiseControl.NET, which I find quite a pain on the neck to configure. What CI solution do you use?
CODE_FRAGMENT is just going to close the stream ( via a CODE_FRAGMENT, in fact - at least in the JDK 6 implementation ).
addictive freezes sometimes. annoying having to wait for the lives to recharge
it is being deprecated because it is old and unsafe. switch now or feel the pain later!
But please don't say that my reasoning is bad - because it is not.
running CODE_FRAGMENT isn't enough, running CODE_FRAGMENT after inserting the dependency solved it for me.
I have an array of words that gets shuffled into paragraphs using jQuery . I ' m trying to add some commas " , " in between them . Ideally i need a single comma added to every 4th word but this is beyond my modest jQuery skills . This is my code : Really hope you can help ! 
I ' m doing one app which requires AJAX call on almost every user interaction possible , I started writing JS functions , webservices etc . to handle all of that ( still long way to go from here ) . Now I am wondering If I made a mistake maybe I should put whole page in update panel because I really hate writting JS . Is there some drawback to use it instead of custom written ajax calls to web service and js functions , and is it better to use more update panels or one big ? 
I may have a solution for you: 1. Go into google chrome settings 2. Click advanced settings 3. Click show advanced settings. 4. Under "privacy" click content settings 5. Go to the media section (near the bottom) and click "Allow all sites to use a plugin on my computer" Really hope this helps! If you extra help, check out this for more information.
And sometimes, if the system is hanging, keyboard might be the only way..
We've deployed 's Plot Pack in both ActiveX and .Net flavors with great success. Great API, incredibly flexible, provides a toolbar that lets users pan/zoom/customize. It's solid, has a long track record, relatively inexpensive, and is very fast. (I'm not affiliated, by the way.)
Excellent! Your first comment is right on the spot, the other two calls are not necessary. I'll be happy to accept your answer if you create one.
No NUL is written to the file. Just wanted to point out I'd write your line as `fprintf(win, "%smultiscreen=1", bff[i - 2] != '\n' && bff[i - 2] != '\r' ? "\n" : "")`
Is this visual studio specific or all c++ projects behave this way? Why??
This fails miserably when min is INT_MIN and max is INT_MAX. Then max - min + 1 equals 0, resulting in division by zero.
You can do it with BUT, you should look into jQuery, an excellent Javascript library which makes it really easy to do that plus a LOT more! It's worth the small learning curve, trust me.
-5 votes?? People who have downvoted this answer should have specified the reason for doing so as well.
in a application you can workaround with scaling the window size, but in an applet I wasn't able to solve that problem.
If I get a chance I may even roll it into our dev environment but I am currently in the middle of mem leak hell.
Excellent! No one just coped and pasted the output from perldoc -f split!
In my mental model of authentication, a user should be distinct from the way they log in. So for example, a User could have an associated EmailLogin (with an email/password), or they could have many (or none). Similarly they could have 0..* associated OpenIDLogin credentials. Are there any existing authentication libraries for Rails which use this method? Alternatively, is this a really terrible idea?
It's not a place, but I've found by Charles Petzold excellent. It covers everything you ask about and is focused specifically on WPF/silverlight. Of course Petzold (as usual) is able to communicate the important concepts beautifully.
@ Gary it is indeed strange enough that ` Files ` does not have a recursive deletion method ... That sounds an obvious thing to have . But it probably isn ' t . How to deal with errors , for instance  
Oh and keep up the great work Alex, I really love were you are going with EF4!
I've run into this problem a couple times now. Last time, I wanted to create an array of arrays (matrix) of BOOL's. I ended up encapsulating them in NSStrings, because apparently NSArray only has arrays of objects. This time, want an array of arrays again, but of CGPoints. I'm going to be using these to draw images to the screen. Is there a way to create an array of CGPoints without them being objects? Should I even worry about the memory/performance overhead of having a matrix of 96 objects?
I tried to download API_NAME file but I am not getting the file on net.
I'd really love this to work in IE. I'm not able to change the fact that tables should not be used here. IE is the only browser the project I'm working on is required to support. Here's the code: I've been using the Tryit Editor to play with this. Thanks in advance for your help!
@Stephen excellent example! Somehow my mind was stuck in 1995 :)
How do I make this: Into this:
Although, the console tells me that there is one instance up and running and the LOCAL_ANDROID_RUN variable in FILE_NAME is set to false.
Wow, that was some bad copy/paste work.
great game its an amazing game but 4-1 ie impossible i know how to do it but there is such a small chance of doing it and for 3-7 you flick the battery to the plain box and the on the left side do the colours it said on the right and you do it for the otherside. everytime you get it right you should hear a ding of some sort keep doing that untill the play button comes up toget 3 stars
so far google has no such criteria but better option is enable billing with automatic scaling it really helped me to pace my site ' s speed . if you are really worried on pace increase min idle instance and decrease pending latencies you can find them on your dashboard if your app has billing enabled . 
By the way, I don't know if you found the hover animation binding somewhere and adapted it, or created it yourself, but all the same I really enjoyed it! Quite clever. :]
I'll second the NI Measurement Studio. I've plotted 1000 points/sec with NI Measurement Studio's chart control. Also, this test was done on a laptop with a very lousy video card. AFAIK, Measurement Studio is using OpenGL internally.
I only have one important piece of advice - make absolutely sure you can revert back to the state before you started the refactor without losing anything. Then just dive in and go for it. You may well end up having to stop and start again, but that's nothing to be afraid of (as long as you heeded my one piece of advice). You'll learn a lot doing it.
Now when I load it to the device, an image won't show up. This is all kinds of horrible!
If I give the 2 input given below it is showing an error.
Believe me without an IDE you just waste your time and it is a real pain ! if you feel that visual studio is expensive you can try the or go for or
Code Contracts are pretty cool , but they do have some limitations . They will only create compiler warnings , not errors . Also , this analysis is pretty slow on large projects . However , I ' m hoping this technology will evolve and eventually be integrated into the language itself . It ' s incredibly promising ! 
Excellent! PHP really is an impressive language.
Indexed lookups in LinkedLists are O(n). That'd could be terrible for a 3d array!
A better, more common practice is to put in the combo box only the items that can be selected. It won't prevent keyboard usage (I, as a user, would find this offensive!) and simplify code.
Already answered to wrap it but here's an . Good luck!
I agree, we often face this problem when using 10g XE databases, this is really annoying!
very fun!! worth the memory.   :-d
How about an extension method that calls the actual () implementation? The only downside is you have to add . This works because the parameter (via ) infers a type for . As an alternative (if the is a pain), consider making it static, with an instance argument that is used primarily for type inference:
This was annoyingly annoying... If you have a the need to export your RegexBuddy history you can take a look at , which prints to the console your history, also as Json.
There was an excellent presentation at WWDC this year on advanced scrollview techniques. You may want to spend an hour watching that. It might be of great help to you in this situation. The video is available in iTunes under the iTunes U section or from the apple developer site.
PHP 5.4 has "traits": http://stackoverflow.com/a/13966131/492130
I'm trying to implement this -
Usability notes: Personally I hate when sites put the "forgot password" or "forgot username" or "help" links inbetween the password field, and the Login button. As a keyboard user, I shouldn't have to TAB over them to get to the submit button. Better yet, also capture the Enter keypress on the password field so that I can auto-submit with the Enter key.
Ignacio is correct . However , as a heinous hack ( totally advised and this really should get me at least 10 down votes ) you can exec a new shell when you ' re done # ! / bin / bash ... cd / exec bash 
I ' m not sure that the given approach will work with hosts using NPT / EPT . 
We are running Jenkins on a server that does not have internet access (even through proxy). Installing and keeping the Jenkins installation up-to-date is a pain! My idea was to make a local mirror of the complete Jenkins public update-site through a Windows workstation that has internet access. And then make this local mirror available to Jenkins through NFS share. So my questions: How to make the local mirror? Do you have a better/simpler idea to keep the Jenkins installation up-to-date?
Note that ``myLabelForShowingTheOutput ''is the JLabel you want to print.
can anyone give me simple code to create a line in iphone using drawrect?
I am using Eclipse 3.4.1. I have an external library that consists of a bunch of JAR files, and some HTML JavaDoc. I know that I can attach the HTML JavaDoc to individual JARs by going to their Properties page, JavaDoc location, and setting it there. But it would be a pain to do this for each individual JAR. Is it possible to do them all at once somehow? The JavaDoc location is the same for them all.
When I deploy my application on JBoss 5 the EJBs are created before the QueueService is started. Creation of Message Driven beans now fails miserably because the queues are not yet available: How can the deploy sequence be configured?
describes the binary format of objects in some detail. The describes the format in excruciating detail.
Great tutorial. Really appreciate it!
Its an excellent place to start!
I want to get the autoincrement id of an insert. is there a way to do it?
Your showFields method needs to traverse FILE_NAME hierarchy, something like this.
I think that size_t strcspn ( const char * str1, const char * str2 ); is what you want. Here is an example pulled from :
I believe Mendelt is referring to the Do method.
Sorry - the federated build is still working out kinks...
If you want to try a new and alternative approach, this is a application core framework modelled after java OSGi: I haven't tried it myself, but it looks really cool!
@ hrbrmstr I already have a rApache implementation . I have simply no time to switch to a different technology . I chose this because it makes R behave PHP and others , which means people can start to see R as a general purpose language ... something I ' d really love to happen ! 
Thank you @ Ward ! We ' re loving how easy it is to create the GUI with Breeze ! If can just work out this part , we will have a great solution ! 
I am planning to use community sever for one of our projects , i used it in the past but we had a lot of problems customizing it and understanding how things work , im affraid to get into that again , and i would like to add some things to it but i dont know how flexible it is . 
Excellent! Thanks for the additional detail Sean!
IMO it is painful to debug as you tend to have no intermediary variables for inspection.
great app  major glitch the update was nice  but it prevents my phone from going to sleep  even when the app isn't open. uninstalling the app fixed it  but i miss it. this app alone cut my battery life by more than 20%
Indeed, but OP asked for a character not a substring. Of course if you interpret character broadly to include multibyte characters, `strstr` is the right function to use.
Excellent, now it's working! Thank you very much for your help with this.
FILE_NAME does one thing, and does it well.
i really love the jquery validation plugins, look neat stylish and accessible, but as you know JavaScript can be turned off and boom your user can enter what ever he wants, therefore you should validate on server too, so what is the best approach here ? do double validation one with jquery and one on server side or is there a better solid secure way ?
Having had some experience with using a thick client through VPN , I ' d say go with some kind of web app . If done wrong , a thick client can become really painful to use through a VPN because of data churning . A web app concentrates all of that on the server , which makes it much better from that point of view . Other benefits : no deployment hassle no direct access to the database from the user machine . Evidently it also depends on your skills , and on how much time / budget you have ... 
Nice feature, lars!!
I expect to do a system when you can do a survey, and then, press a button, open a new activity and see survey answers.
@ HansPassant - Excellent ! Everything is falling into place now . If you post as an answer , I will happily accept it . 
Hey I just had to solve this on a project I am working on, here is my answer Then in my configuration (I am using Fluent NHibernate to configure my unit tests in code) AWESOMENESSSSSSSS!
And boy, hell broke loose ;) So... the biggest issue I'm facing is indeed with Random sharing across threads."
You never compile an .h file by itself, I think.
The problem was due to a malfunctioning . Very painful and a lot of time wasted.
I ' ve created an Ant task to compile VB6 applications . After some preprocessing of the source files , I start with the appropriate parameters using But when I press Ctrl + C while Ant is running , the script and my task are terminated but the spawned process is still running . How can I automatically terminate the process I started when the Ant script gets terminated ? What exactly happens if I press Ctrl + C ? Is my task killed immediately or is there some way to react ? 
@catsby is correct -- you'll want to use the to do this. SIDENOTE: Heroku's platform API is actually incredibly awesome. You can use it to scale dynos, set variables, provision / deprovision addons, etc.
I haven't touched sharepoint in years. If I want to setup a development environment to get up to speed, what options do I have? I don't have an MSDN license, is there anyway I can get up and running for free? (for development only)
Here is a demo for the naive implementation which doesn't work.
I ' ve got a couple of models . Neither have any list view other than their admin entries . For that reason , it ' s a bit of a pain to manually work out the URLs for model instances . I would like to show a link on the listing and detail admin views that takes me directly to the public view . I can do the nonsense that works creates the URL but I don ' t know how to get it to show in the admin . Any ideas ? 
good app great launcher.  i really like it but it is killing my battery.
I had a memory crash on UIGraphicsGetImageFromCurrentImageContext() ... if you're creating and releasing a lot of them, you should wrap them in a fresh AutoReleasePool for each iteration. Even allowing the NSRunLoop to tick WAS NOT ENOUGH for Apple/iOS to do housekeeping on garbage lying around from this. e.g.
I now have this extremely ugly solution. Anybody a better idea?
Hoping to get an alternate approach or a small overview of AnchorPane constraints.
does what i want it to short sweet and to the point just how i want my woot!
You could also try Continuation Passing Style: This gets very painful when you have to chain multiple functions, so you can break standard formatting:
This question appears to be off-topic because it is not about programming. See [What topics can I ask about here](http://stackoverflow.com/help/on-topic) in the Help Center. Perhaps [Web Apps Stack Exchange](http://webapps.stackexchange.com/) would be a better place to ask.
Since this afternoon, it have started to give an error and the process ends, leaving to process thousands of files.
It seems very tedious! I have a nine table join to join together, where two of the tables is a inner join and the rest 6 is left outer joins. Is it doable in entity?
I have a huge HTML form . I was wondering if it is possible to use Notepad + + to copy the text from value = " [ copy this ] " and paste it into id = " [ paste here ] " and for = " [ paste here ] " on every line . If anyone has the solution to this , every web developer out there will be very happy : D Cheers ! 
Awesome! Thank you!
bq. First of welcome :) Thank you. 
too bad this behavior isn ' t a setting . I think it makes sense in theory why they did it this way , but in practice it ' s just really annoying 
Oh, wow, awesome! Thanks! (this question needs to have a answer, any volunteer?)
Short and to the point... excellent! +1
Inserting timestamps automagically would be bad because it would limit a whole swath of use cases.
Even Java5's support is going to end in two days ( 30 October 2009, that is! )
I've used on pretty complex websites with great success :) One caveat through (this applies to all "fixes" i believe) is that you can not make a background image of an element be transparent.
loved your line NSIndexPath *indexPath = [NSIndexPath indexPathForRow:0 inSection:1];. +1 for you ;)
We have eclipse manage things the way it wants, and use ant4eclipse (a set of ant tasks) for continuous builds. Works great!
There are APIs for real-time data. See my answer
Wow great idea! Try to do it with inlineEditSupport. http://www.salesforce.com/us/developer/docs/pages/Content/pages_compref_inlineEditSupport.htm
Excellent! Thank you so much!
Sure, you can. Just mark your content with the appropriate langauge code: if you use the following CSS, the spanish text is formatted with the most-loved font style comic sans ms: Easy!
It's generally better to keep them open. If you're concerned about being able to read them from another process, you need make sure that the share mode you use to open/create them allows others to read them (but not write to them, obviously). If you're worried about losing data in the event of a crash, you should periodically flush/commit their buffers.
and then override this with CODE_FRAGMENT so that I could do.
I have developed my site with Firefox and firebug plugin, but when i deploy it to other browsers (IE/Chrome), the console window appears at the bottom of the screen(very annoying). How can i disable this? and why is it appearing? gath
Excellent answer to a very general question ! :-)
Chris, this regex matches *1* character from [^\w\W] character class. *Single* character.
For others coming here for a general word count, use `g Ctrl-g`.
If you prefer using a CODE_FRAGMENT, you can call CODE_FRAGMENT to get the desired result.
Actually, thinking about it, i think it had to do with SiteCore. I think VS choked when trying to render the sitecore stuff
What's the Ruby way to do this?
clicking the zoom ( or pan ) button again , restores it . terribly silly - yes ! 
Catalyst has which is pretty excellent.
I was able to figure this out.
This doesn't do title case, where small words (articles and prepositions) should not be capitalized.
Thanks for looking into this Suresh.
put your path and your shadow in a set. apply your animation to the set and it'll affect both. a really terrible example where I move both at once.
Only the LoginHandler fails to compile.
Suppose we have a table A: and table B: I want to join A*B on A.itemid=B.itemid both right and left ways. i.e. result: Is there a way to do it in one query in MySQL?
Josh from card.io here. We've actually taken considerable pains to get the SDK to be as small as it is! The card.io SDK does a significant amount of non-trivial client-side work and the resources required to do that have already been shrunk as far as we feel currently possible without negatively impacting usability.
Sorry I thought submit patch was the way to attach a patch.
Wow! It is really great answer! So helpful! Thank you very much!
Also to note, when asking questions usually it is worth stating which version of JSF/server/J2EE you are using ( without such information, we can not tell you which annotations you should use ).
what? how do you change guns?
that ' s a really cool functionality of php i didn ' t know about ! I ' m not exactly sure how I ' d actually _ use _ it , but that ' s still cool ! 
I can successfully call my service but when generating the response, it seems to crash.
Strange - No one mentioned GEdit (Gnome) or OpenKomodo (Windows, Mac, GNU/Linux...). Both of them are great! OpenKomodo especially deals with tabs and spaces very well. And - it's free. Whee! When I need a lighter weight thingy, I just use GEdit. Download OpenKomodo here -
excellent!! everything is awesome but so far i have found that whenever i turn on wifi my battery drains after using this software... may it happens due to widgets or panel. but if i turn off it doesn't happen.
The STL might be simple, but that's only one part of the C++ standard library. The iostreams library have nothing to do with (what was once) the STL. STL is basically contianers + iterators + algorithms. Iostreams, locales and all that has a completely different origin, and is generally a pain to work with ;)
I'm having the exact same problem! Incredibly annoying!
Forgot to add that I also tried this with and without HBASE-5864
@Justin Bennett: so which of the two alternatives did you choose? Did you contact Avast?
you need to have FILE_NAME in your classpath in order to reslove this.
You might want to look into JAXB . If you have a defined XML schema it will automatically create java classes that will easily allow you to ' marshal ' ( move data from java - > XML ) and much much more . It ' s incredibly useful ! 
that's sad:-( I don't need it for debugging, I need it for other purpose.
I have a string with some markup which looks this : I ' m trying to strip away everything except the anchor elements with " entry : / / id = " inside . Thus the desired output from the above example would be : Writing this match , the closest I ' ve come so far is : But I can ' t figure out why this doesn ' t work . Any help ( apart from the " why don ' t you use a parser " : ) would be greatly appreciated ! 
I'm getting a 404 when I try to check that link... do you need to edit the html?
You could check whether your CODE_FRAGMENT also is an instance of CODE_FRAGMENT.
PermGen memory can be garbage collected by full collections , so increasing it may increase the amount of GC time when a full collection takes place . These collections shouldn ' t take place too often though , and would typically still take less than a second to full GC 1GB of permgen memory - I ' m just pulling this number from ( my somewhat hazy ) memory , so if you are really worried about GC times to some timing tests yourself ( use and read the logs , more details ) 
I have a BufferedWriter to which I use to write characters into a PipedInputStream. Based on keyboard events. But I am implementing a backspace handler, but I can see no way of doing so without unputc. I am almost falling back into using a string to buffer the current line. Perhaps, I could do a better job using Canvas instead. (God how I hate java!)
I don ' t think there are any mature components too ( for what I saw ) . You can use some dedicated DHTML components , like . We use it a lot in our project for our customers , and it ' s really great ! 
Why the down-votes and sniping? It's not a particularly well-asked question but it's certainly valid and by definition programming related. (it's pretty hard to do anything with Django without programming as it's a web programming framework!)
Seth's answer was totally awesome! Please be sure to green checkmark it!
I have a situation where IE7 hangs accessing my web app. Based on the excellent from , I installed WinDbg to download the IE symbols, setup Process Explorer to use those symbols, and then used Process Explorer to get a stack trace for the hung thread. I have pasted the stack trace below. Does someone more familiar with the IE internals have an idea of what is happening, or a suggestion on how to progress with this?
I haven't had any time to try re-upgrading after having to back out 2.0.8, but I will be sure to let you know how it works out as soon as I get the opportunity.
Wow, excellent thanks for going to the effort to measure the performance! +1
I have a class , let ' s call it LineGraph , that renders a line graph . I need to subclass it , but the derived class is only used in one place and is coupled to the class that uses it . So I am using an inner class . I see two ways to do this : Anonymous inner class Named inner class I am not a fan of anonymous inner classes , because frankly I just think it looks really ugly . But in the case of a subclass that ' s only used in one place , is a named inner class overkill ? What is the accepted practice ? 
Hmm I fear I've opened a Pandora's box of higher maths! I'll see if I can understand any of those articles...
@KonradRudolph: Does it order pizza for you while you wait for it to complete? Well it should! My philosophy is, why make programs faster and more efficient when you can just make the wait more 'desirable'!
You're missing a . on your class selectors: should be and should be
? ok  preferred the last version but this is ok.
I would just use an @import command at the top of my CSS file, then you can simply add a new font by adding a pipeline to the end of the font and type the name of any other fonts you want. To use them, simply use the CSS font-family style command: HTML Hope this helped!
I have a function name called setValue, used in many classes. Also, i have a global function by the same name. When i press C-], it goes to arbitrary setValue function. How do i directly jump to the global setValue function? It is really pain to use tnext every time to find if the function global.
What is your question? What is not working as it should?
No, there is no performance difference if the view is essentially a
You create a reference type by prefixing FILE_NAME declaration with CODE_FRAGMENT keyword.
I am suffering from the problem in the first example - my enums don't show up at all. This answer doesn't even attempt to address that issue.
Yes, you should implement pagination before that, at the SQL query stage. Otherwise there's nothing better than iterating and discarding (which is really horrible).
I ran this code in Eclipse.. it is running absolutely fine!! The output is : Thu May 16 09:35:31 ICT 2013 I am using Java jre7
The paper is an excellent discussion on branching patterns such as the "main line" pattern you mention - it lists the options in the form of patterns together with discussion of anti-patterns. One of the authors is Robert Orenstein of Perforce.
Excellent! Can you post it as an answer?
Found the culprit ! At first I tried the solution suggested by @ billinkc in the comment , it worked ( I managed to create a folder ) but the folder wasn ' t usable as I couldn ' t upload packages . I have db _ owner permission on the MSDB database and so I can see and access the SSIS MSDB folder . What I really needed was the db _ ssisadmin permission . Not to worry as db _ owner permissions allow me to give myself the db _ ssisadmin permission ! After this was done , all the problems ( the one in the original Q and more ) disappeared . 
Besides increasing your heap, most of the time, it also helps to increase your PermGen space by using the CODE_FRAGMENT paramater.
Add this to the main solution to make sure the the binding is updated to zero when the textbox is cleared.
Wow - excellent! How did you find this age old question? :)
If string object allocations worry you, then you should precompile the regular expression!
It will create a new enumerable , which may not be desirable in some scenarios . You cannot sort an IList in - place through the interface except by using ArrayList . Adapter method in my knowledge . 
I don't understand this part: One thing I've found with this is that passing the config around to all the other utility functions that I'd prefer and don't think should be a a part of one the the above mentioned classes can seem to get incredibly tedious. Anyway, look up on thread-local storage. You could make a singleton config object that is thread-local.
Triggering quirks mode is a terrible, terrible, terrible thing. In quirks mode, jQuery is forced to use alternative methods to interact with the DOM and is almost definitely the cause of your speed issues in IE.
CODE_FRAGMENT informs Java VM when CMS should be triggered.
On Visual Studio 2005 C++ compiler, I get the following warning when my code uses the fopen and such calls. How do I prevent this?
This isn't worthy of an "answer", but I thought I'd mention: many of the interfaces I've really enjoyed have been minimalistic -- there's almost nothing for me to see. Like QuickSilver for OS X.
Unless we switch to Antlr 3.0 ( and even though, I'm not sure this would fix the problem), there is nothing we can do.
I want to check those http request/response pairs against mod-security rules for auditing-purposes.
Title is mis-leading. Can we get a title edit?
I can't understand where the extra bits are coming from in this article about s-boxes. Why doesn't the s-box take in the same number of bits for input as output?
read I ' m not sure if it will help you 
The first line sets the file name variables and sets the field separator to comma . The second line sets the output field separator to comma too . The third line prints lines with 3 fields to the new file ; the fourth line prints lines with other than 3 fields to the error file . Note that your code would be excruciatingly slow on big files because it executes two processes per line . This code has only one process operating on the whole file which will be really important if the input grow to thousand or millions or more lines . 
I always try to avoid to return string literals, because I fear they aren't defined outside of the function. But I'm not sure if this is the case. Let's take, for example, this function: Is this correct code? It does work for me, but maybe it only works for my compiler (gcc). So the question is, do (string) literals have a scope or are they present/defined all the time.
If you want to search give Red Gate's excellent tool a try (its free!) but it's only for SQL Server though.
Excellent code @ Peter , but not to be generating consecutive events , it might be better to use unbind ( ) , this : Thanks ! 
PL/SQL Developer from Allaround Automations. I happily paid the $200 or so price for this. Excellent IDE (+ good Intellisense, + debugging capability) with easy creation and editing of PL/SQL packages, SPs, Triggers etc So much better than Toad.
Whatever you do , make sure that you don ' t use Apache ' s DBCP . It ' s a horrible implementation that will actually cause performance problems , not fix them . 
I'm completely horrible with javascript and jquery, How do I get the content from a PHP file?
@Stultuske Depends on the context. I would totally abuse a library.
When I perform CODE_FRAGMENT request to CODE_FRAGMENT I get following JSON.
Hello, Thanks a lot! It works.Lisa
The problem is in 'third integer' variable, missing the underscore. see my code: http://jsfiddle.net/Magicianred/3k5tS/Enjoy your code!Simone
Thank you for the excellent answers! @ArnoldSpence is correct: It is indeed a case of memory fragmentation. I confirmed this by modifying my example above to allocate a series of 49 MB buffers after the reaching the "OUT OF MEMORY" condition. Sure enough, these all succeeded (up to the 2GB limit).
How is it invariant if you're using the current culture?
I am working on Spring MVC project in which I need to pass an object from my Controller to JSP and then I need to iterate that object and show them in a table FILE_NAME page.
That is awful advice! I don't mean to be overtly mean but I lolled.
This exception is not because of absence of SunPkcs11 because i see the SunPkcs11 that i added, in the providers list.
So I ' m using activerecord to get the count of items for a certain day : But this doesn ' t give me if there are no records for a given day , how can I fix this ? Or is there are more " Rails " way do to something this ? Any help is hugely appreciated , thanks again ! 
completely agree, there are excellent answers provided here to this question
I use festAssertions in my tests and I noticed that using yields different results than in tests where hibernate objects are tested. I had to do workaround and now test looks really ugly but I cannot use because that just does not work! Here is partial code(look at last line): seasonRate, seasonRate1 are created and persisted. Then retrieved from db and checked against originals. Nothing fancy, but does not work with festAssertions. Do you have any idea how to fix that and if it is some error on my side or not?
that was from something else - that apparently the fragmentmanager holds on to fragments. But you're right - it doesn't make any difference one way or the other. Nice library by the way - extremely useful!
The TIFF file can store various image types: Bilevel (B/W) Grayscale Palette-color RGB full-color The storing of actual image data is done differently for each image type. The is not the scariest I have seen, but it is definitely not trivial!
Great links, thanks for your work!
In terms of performance and optimizations: When constructing a table in SQL Server, does it matter what order I put the columns in? Does it matter if my primary key is the first column? When constructing a multi-field index, does it matter if the columns are adjacent? Using ALTER TABLE syntax, is it possible to specify in what position I want to add a column? If not, how can I move a column to a difference position?
I thought that the problem was the ``id = null ''.
This only works if you have firefox installed.
What should I do to solve the issue?
You can still compare numerically, which was the goal all along!
I'm very worried about the following screen. When i launch "Instruments" in Allocations mode, i see every image of my app adding to "Living". I really don't understand how it could be possible...
None of the above is exactly what I was looking for, so I wrote one. super simple to use %B in the printf!
Excellent answer! Bonus marks for humour!
though I disagree with a signficant amount of statements you made,I don't think we would ever come to agreement anyway.
Deleting files in Xcode does not delete them from installed apps / build folders / etc . It ' s extremely annoying . If you really want your app to only run in 3.5 inch mode , delete the Default - 568 file and make sure to run Clean / Clean Build Folder in Xcode , and delete the app completely off your simulator / device . It should start showing up letterboxed again . Apple is still accepting 3.5 in only submissions . 
The skeleton-pair mechanism mentioned in the post preamble is quite general and is built-in to emacs -- no need to fetch wrap-region for new emacs installs or worry about wrap-region's compatibility.
Thanks to the two of you that answered . What I ended up doing ( in case anyone else is interested ! ) was processing the openid login normal , but NOT saving the new user to the database . Instead , I stored their information in a session var and asked them for the remaining information before adding them to the db and logging them in . Hope this helps ! 
This is the table : What I have to change in the model ? Will ko3 ORM work ? 
Your API_NAME is messed up and doesn't list dependencies properly.
I've had great success with 's Auto-Suggest implementation. It includes PHP examples too.
You almost certainly have a firewall or anti-virus program blocking your ability to connect.
@R.. Wow! Really great answer!! You should post it as an answer here, as it's really more precise. Just a question, though, when you say round for the alignment of the type, you mean that if for example on your example you had a short b instead of int b, it would be aligned to offset 2, instead of 1?
Google led me to solution (base64_encode). Hope this helps!
I want to integrate the sweet sweet logo Andrew crafted.
Add this dependency to your API_NAME.
I generally do it before importing anything. If you're worried that your module names might conflict with the Python stdlib names, then change your module names!
I too advise to use the simple way (KISS !-) -- but some optimization could be found, namely not to test the length of an array more than once:
yes, that is what I'm after
Sorry for letting you guys wait.
I didn't specify it clearly, rather than looking for a library, I am looking for a web-application/component, that I can embed inside my java application so that I don't even have to worry about creating the UI.
Wow! Awesome responses - I'll have to try'em out after work today, and I'll let y'all know how it goes :)
What's the solution that worked for you?
I want an simple IDE/editor for C in Linux to which I can add features easily. For example: I want to add a right click menu item and a related action for the editor. It should be easy to extent and add any desirable functionality. I tried eclipse CDT but its to much of learning(I mean knowing the eclipse plug-in architecture and the CDT extension points and stuff) to do for the small modification/s I want to do. Thanks, Sachin
Here is an excellent article that might help: CodinghorrorGenerally I would say: Put restrictive chmod rules salt, salt, salt !
That's exactly the point - HTMLEncode does not protect you against mistakes. Of course, the programmer expected somevar to contain 23 - its just that nasty attacker that decided to shove a blank in...
+1 excellent question. Personally I'm starting to think that externals should never have been allowed to track the HEAD of other repositories. Always specifying the exact revision of the external is much safer.
A generic "Sum" method would be a simple example. T Sum(IEnumerable sequence)
Java's CODE_FRAGMENT complies to this RFC, with a few caveats mentioned in its Javadoc.
If you are getting thrown off by the fact that the user/group is listed as having "Limited Access" on the ACLs on, say, the parent site/web. That's just a placeholder SharePoint uses to make sure people have access to at least the bare minimum set of objects (e.g. theme and other UI files and the parent web itself) to get to the list or item you actually want them to have access to. As long as the group only has access on a single list, you should have to worry about them having access to anything else.
I have found one more related SE question: CMS garbage collector - when does it run?
I don't know what else to do to make things to work.
Everytime I create a new IK handle in Maya via MEL, it creates an end effector named "effector1", or "effector2", depending on what is in my scene. I don't want to rely on the auto-name of the end effector, so I'm wondering if there is a way to either: a) name the effector at the create-time of the IK handle, or b) select the effector for a particular IK handle in MEL. Any help would be greatly appreciated -- thanks!
Fair enough: if your JDK upgrade messes up Serializable, the clients of the your big boy JDK (i.e. Sun, BEA, IBM, etc.) should scream bloody murder (and I have). Admittedly the question wasn't clear whether it was only about JDK classes.
Try this , you will avoid the much dreaded IN operator with subqueries ( they can sometimes be inefficient , to say the least ) ! 
If you are on 11g you are in Luck : - ) you can Use SELECT FOR UPDATE SKIP LOCKED in the Cursor - then you are guaranteed that two threads will never get the same row on a fetch ! The RIGHT WAY to do this in Oracle would be Advanced Queueing - since this will solve ALL YOUR PROBLEMS , provides synchronization und parallel execution and other benefits ... Before Oracle 11 and without Advanced Queuing ( if you really want to code it yourself ... ) You can do it this : ( The bits marked with autonomous transaction have to be called in a separate method as an autonomous transaction . If the Update returns 0 Rows it can either be because the table is empty , or because two threads accessed the same row . - So we need a separate ending condition counting available rows . 
The stream ( if non parallel ) could be pass sequentially through all the steps ( filter, map.
My guess is that you would have to extend the classes for DataTip , to check for NULL hitData objects , to kill / stop the drawing of the display . I do not think there is a way to do that normally in FLEX . You would have to customize and override the hitData class unfortunately . What a pain ! ! 
If you handle the RowDataBound event you can check the value of the data and modify the attributes of the cell or apply a different style in that event handler. That should give you what you are looking for. Let me know if you need it in VB rather than C#. Good Luck!
Great! I learn a new very useful information about DirectShow :-)
Hey, you're right, that idea was probably not the best approach to the problem - 0.6 looks really nice, looking forward to it :)
& # xA ; I ' m not very good at vb6 , and I would do that from the aspx page by adding to the SqlDataSource an Update Command ` UPDATE [ table ] SET [ date _ debut _ session ] = @ date _ debut _ session WHERE [ id ] = @ id ` and asp : parameters . define ' here ' : in the aspx or in the codebehind ? ' cause I ' ve tried and it works in the aspx but I haven ' t tried in the codebehind . have you tried [ this ] ( http : / / stackoverflow . com / questions / 4223938 / how - to - apply - particular - format - of - date - by - using - eval ) ? 
Currently the msbuild logs for team build are appalling as they are just plain text and are very difficult to read. Also the ones created by my build are approx 30Mb and take quite a while to download (our TFS server is in our datacentre). Does anyone know any way of being able to view these logs easier, prefereably integrated with either TFS itself or TFS WebAccess?
Enabled and pointed my client to a secure port on my container and the last example ( the one that causes the exception ) works successfully.
But the question is not as simple as assuming ... . But surely this is a Google for it question? Pretty much every regex primer you can find anywhere uses IP as an example! scores 183,000 hits!
( Note that nodes may have multiple style classes, though I have never understood why this is a CODE_FRAGMENT rather than a CODE_FRAGMENT. )
:~) Very embarrassing!!! When I debugged and printed the receiving addresses, I realized that I was checking the wrong email account! Sorry to have taken your time.
Software developers are always optimists -- just look at their estimating skils! - Love it!!
It proved the point. They are very excited about SO now.
does a similar thing (and yes, i find the 'pc' moniker for windows machines very disgusting)
Hello Leo. The patch has been applied at revision r479576, thanks a lot for this enhancement, please verify that the problem is fully fixed as you expected."
So if you annotate FILE_NAME only with CODE_FRAGMENT it will not get exported.
I've been programming Ruby pretty extensively for the past four years or so, and I'm extremely comfortable with the language. For no particular reason, I've decided to learn some Python this week. Is there a specific book, tutorial, or reference that would be well-suited to someone coming from a nearly-identical language, or should I just "Dive into Python"? Thanks!
I suspect it may be more efficient to both query and write your records within each CODE_FRAGMENT, but this is an assumption that would likely require testing.
John, Your solution is absolutely awesome! But, just to share, I have been using this method above until I see your ideia. So, it seems not to be the best solution for this, but for sure it is a way around.
invaluable! i use this app daily and can't imagine not having it.
You are really asking too much of the Java runtime ( and Jackson library ), by trying to make them infer all the required information about the type to be instantiated ( based on the parameterized return ).
ill try this. string needs to be iterable. and while we are at it: how come java is so damn awful? no sane person would specify `remove` in an interface, just to add `throws UnsupportedOperationException - if the remove operation is not supported by this Iterator`.
So you can easy reduce count of objects by factor two ( one byte [ ] instead of pair String + char [ ] ), and array length of UTF-8 symbols usually less than length of UTF-16 chars.
I want to copy a file from A to B in C#. How do I do that?
I have a menu of links that need to have additional parameters added using data from cookies . I need to be able to do this client - side and not server - side . Basically I have a menu this : And a cookie with a number this : I am trying to get the ' users _ number ' to be included as a POST parameter to all of the links on that menu ( ie . / link / to / page1 ? users _ number = thecookievalue ) What I don ' t want is users to be able to see this in their URL bar . Right now I am using : This functions as I wanted but I am trying to figure out how to do this in a way where the user does not see the ? parameters at the end of their URL . Is there a way to do this same thing but without them being able to see it ? Any help would be hugely appreciated -- thanks ! 
If you are worried that the overhead of calling functions is slowing you down, why not test inlining the C code or turning it into macros? Also, why not improve the const correctness of the C code while you are at it - const_cast should really be used sparingly, especially on interfaces you control.
When I tried to compile the tool, I get n error.
I need to develop a messenger - text box , where certain tokens are being replaced with UI controls . Just for example , if the user types : - ) it should be replaced with a smiley image . I have previous experience with WPF ' s RichTextBox and i understand the concept of TextPointer and TextContent . I just don ' t know how to replace a TextRange with a UI control ... Would extremely appreciate your help : - ) ! Gili 
I ' m trying to delete several working copy directories , but I get an Access Denied on all the SVN files , running as admin or normal user . I ' ve killed the Tortoise cache process , and cannot figure what is wrong . Any suggestions ? 
This is one of the shortcomings of DGV that I absolutely hate and why I almost always bind to an IEnumerable of an anonymous type.
Don't use it. I hate std::pair exactly for this reason. You never know which is which, and since access to first and second are public you can't enforce contracts either. But after all, it's a matter of taste.
I want it to resemble something like the linux folder structure ( having a root and all decending from it ).
I built an xml-rpc server in Python using SimpleXMLRPCServer, according to the example in the Python documentation. I'm calling it from a Python client on the same machine. The body of the server function executes very fast on its own. But I find that xmlrpc client performance is excruciatingly slow, taking one second per call. (Using xmlrpclib.) A speed-up technique I found on the web () didn't help. My connect URI is: I'm running Python 2.7 x64 on Windows 7, but it works the same for 32-bit Python 2.7.
I am using as templating engine and I am really loving it . However , now I have run in a situation which definitely mustbe accomplishable in a simpler way than I have found . What I have right now is this : What I am looking for is something more this : Is there a way to accomplish this which I haven ' t seen yet ? If I need to create my own extension , how can I access myVar within the test function ? Thanks for your help ! 
Has anyone built a website with IronPython and ASP.NET. What were your experiences and is the combination ready for prime-time?
A simple Google search would suffice for this question. All are excellent resources (and the top three Google links!). Essentially, there's a new API which allows JS to request fullscreen access. That's about it.
Here's a really terrible hack if you don't want the indirection and don't mind doing the cleanup yourself:
I wondering how in C/C++ you can implement a program (similar to tail -f) that watches for new lines added to a log file and then process them?
I don't know what just happened.
Excellent point! :)
This is not the answer but I figured out a very sad workaround. Extend the TextView component class In the constructor of the subclass, fire off the code ...yuck
Was afraid someone would say that...! Is there any hack I could put in place?
Shit, my bad. The posted patch is from a completely wrong branch of my git repo - I had not realized I ran the test-patch against a branch not branch-1.
Firstly , that ' s not how works . You have to specify constants for each , and those constants will be compared to the expression in parentheses ( in your case , ) . That is how works , period . Secondly , switch is not faster than several s And thirdly , you shouldn ' t really worry about miniscule performance optimizations when you ' re dealing with javascript . 
WPF is a fascinating platform to develop our next generation applications on ! The ability to style just about anything , the databinding support and attached / dependency properties . Wow ! But let ' s not throw caution to the wind because while WPF performance is great , it ' s not the best ... yet . Definitely is a strong contender , but as developers we are still left with design principles for our front ends . 
Yes, your PHP configuration has correctly got turned off, because that's incredibly insecure. Just put: at the top of your script. You can also use if you specifically only want this to work for the HTTP method. I've seen some people claim that is somehow insecure, but no evidence to back that up.
Do I need to use JSTL for this?
+1 scriptnames` was exactly what I was looking for to check if my plugins were being loaded.
james, the stack trace under that is just my function name. Nothing more. very frustrating :(
Your formatting is absolutely horrible to read. Could you fix that?
In what language? In PHP it is: example:
Great! It's been good to be able to contribute and I hope to be able to more for this awesome project when I have the spare time.
I would recommend 2 things: - Calculate and combine polygons that are touching. This involves a LOT of processing and hard math, but I've done it so I know it's possible. - Create your own overlay instead of using KML in PNG format, while you combine them in the previous suggestion. You'll have to create a LOT of PNGs but it is blazing fast on the client. Good luck :)
I would recommend that you check the documentation for what they do.
As mentioned above, some of the fundamental Object Oriented Design principles are OCP, LSP, DIP and ISP. An excellent overview of these by Robert C. Martin (of Object Mentor) is available here:
Oh, right. That'd be the forum template that generated that. And no worries, I didn't take it personnally !
The Tumblr iPhone app looks awful --both the gradients and the unnecessary boxed look imposed by the gray border. Stick to the standard UITableView look. What Apple uses for *their* apps is what looks most professional, not random novelty stuff.
Its absurdly late/early so maybe I'm just tired, but can anyone tell me why in the world the following test is not failing? Really need a second pair of eyes to confirm I'm not crazy...now I'm worried that all my tests are unreliable.
Instead of logging to the console , log to a file and then track the file with a separate gui application . This keeps the console uncluttered and gives you a more persistent record of your log , which occasionally is extremely useful . There are various libraries which will do most of this for you , or you can keep it simple and just do it yourself . 
You don't need to tag your title, that is what the tags are for.
What about Signed zero. -0.0 vs Unsigned zero 0.0
On the WordPress repository is a plugin called wp gcm. Its a really great one try it out!
Excellent! You should document that as an answer and accept it so many more people can solve this with a google search on 'single line of text' :)
Any word on whether it will be fixed?
In this situation, when I click on the greyed out widget, I need to start the app.
The plan of making a mum / dad accessible UpgradeYourBrowser page was growing for me the last few days , but now caffeine and this bug just filled me with angry rage ( the green kind ) 
Today I saw a demonstration of the episerver cms and it had a few features that I really liked . One was that items in the treview on the left that had no version for the current language was shown in an italic font . It shouldn ' t be to hard to implement this into Sitecore , anyone got any ideas ? BR Larre 
Thanks for figuring this one out and providing the patch, Jamie!
If I delete this question will it increase my reputation ? 5 down votes it really sad . 
Try to add the complete failed message in the question!
Do i need to use event mechanism?
This does seem to be the answer. Absolutely terrible API design.
Got it! Thank you all for helping me reach a great "Aha!" moment :-) ...hopefully after I spend some more time in WPF I'll understand why this works.
How do I cache an individual user control with ASP.NET MVC? I also need the VaryByParam etc support that usually comes with ASPX Output Caching. I don't want to cache the entire action though, only one of my user controls in the view. An example would be nice :) Thank you!
But as far as I create the entitymanager - which not necessary has anything to do with the response - it crashes... ( I still respond with just 200 ).
I have several hundred ( static - no includes or server - side parsing ) HTML pages . I would like to validate the HTML ( XHTML 1.0 Transitional ) , but the idea of plugging each of them individually into the W3C Validator - or even using a Firefox plug - in to open each one - fills me with dread . Does anyone know of any ( Windows ) apps that can do bulk validation ? The " Validate entire site " feature on is the closest I ' ve come , but that ' s limited to 100 pages . 
No I just need to perform an action whenever a button in that column is clicked.
Perhaps you have not set up the terminal settings Follow the steps below : Open terminal Go to your folder where you want to install cocos2d write Cocos2d will install successfully Enjoy Programming ! ! 
I have a client server application that communicate through wcf at transfare mode stream. when the client try to download the file in one peace, its working but when The client try to take the whole file in 2 peaces, the file that downloaded is damaged and can not be open. Client Code: Server Code: Im really hopeless and dont know what is the problem.
Configuraton doesn't belong in a library. I think you nailed it with "emerging anti-pattern". It's really pretty easy to locate configuration files relative to a library; they don't need to physically go in the same JAR to be found.
When I run the project, I get the following error,.
One potentially valid reason to impose some maximum password length is that the process of hashing it (due to the use of a slow hashing function such as bcrypt) takes up too much time; something that could be abused in order to execute a DOS attack against the server. Then again, servers should be configured to automatically drop request handlers that take too long. So I doubt this would be much of a problem.
+1. Brian, you saved me from hours and hours of research, great insight!
By the way, I agree with Henrik P. Hessel. This is a very horrible piece of code.
Oh, but [requests](http://docs.python-requests.org/en/latest/index.html) *is* especially great. imho
Not an answer, but why on earth would you want 32,000 items in a combo box? That is a terrible way to store that much data.
New information shows that a partial cross-join of the data is desired.
Text to html and WYSIWYmG are really different things. A real time preview is cool feature... i've seen a great example somewhere :) hmm :))) here, at stackoverflow!
I am looking for a simple mode to to obtain automatic fit-to-window effect using a wx.grid.Grid object inside on of my window. By now my 4 column grid has many white space on the right but I find this very ugly, better if all column expand or collapse based on window size change! Is there a way to get this to works?
No prob. Good luck!
Why do you need the class explicitly? Couldn't you use the interface? Note that casting is not encouraged, which is why it looks so awful in Scala!
I think StaggeredGridView is what best suited for your requirement. this is the link go and download and attach this library to your project. I used this and it works very beautifully..!
I don't know how the hell my diff program decided to add seemingly random CR chars, but I've removed them now.
Excellent suggestion Aleksey! This seems to be a common need, so perhaps the Scala gods might consider adding this to Map
@Leon Tayson: Excellent answer!!! Thanks loads...
I afraid here the relation between C1 and C2 in a single row could not be maintained !!!
I really Kate , and since it ' s a KPart , other KDE programs use it as the editor , so it ' s goodness everywhere ! ( why is everybody else assuming you use windows ? ) 
good app it's customizable which i like. sometimes it's a bit difficult getting items to line up properly and the areas for each part of the display don't change size dynamically so the font sizes will get bigger or smaller to fit in the space alloted for them which i don't like. overall it's a good app though.
Have you tried using SetWindowPos. This is the canonical function for moving, resizing and setting z-order in Windows. There is a SWP_NOACTIVATE flag you can use. Look at (VS.85).aspx. I have not tried this on a window belonging to another process, but it is probably worth a try.
The same number is: 2.
Then perhaps Might be of some help. If need be you could always do the registry editing yourself via API directly for the association... but up to you EDIT: Also read the comments there, some good points eg the use of quotes for paths with spaces: @"C:\SomePath\MyApp.exe ""%1""" Also permission issues for registry access esp with Vista... good luck :)
I am trying to save a ListObject from a .NET 3.5 Excel 2007 VSTO Workbook to a new sheet (done) and save that new sheet to a new workbook (done) without that workbook requiring the VSTO customization file (!!!!!). Has anyone had any luck with this? The only way I've had any success is just saving as a CSV file but that's not exactly acceptable in this case. I'd rather not save to a CSV just to copy back to a XLS file. worksheet.SaveAs(saveDialog.FileName, Excel.XlFileFormat.xlOpenXMLWorkbook)
( If you're not using Java 8, it's easy enough to write a CODE_FRAGMENT which takes an existing one, and a CODE_FRAGMENT which takes two existing ones. )
Excellent - now if I set the main ImageView layout_weight to 3 and the inner LinearLayout to 1, I get the 75/25 effect I wanted too! Thanks Kevin!
So I found this. If you do a "Ctrl+O" it brings up a small window called the quick outline. In this I can use wildcard (*) while searching which is extremely useful!
Make it work with all browsers up front . This will mean extra testing during development but will cause you less pain later . I find it ' s usually easier to diagnose problems if I ' ve just developed the thing , rather than coming back later and trying to figure it out ... along with a list of other issues . 
Great ! Three solutions ( from sykora , Leonard and fgm ) that make this map work . I like the one from fgm for its brevity 
There's basically nothing to clean up apart from the input stream and structures in memory... the GC will take care of the memory, so you're done.
jMock, mocking based on Hamcrest Matchers.
How did you get the name of the temporary table that the alter command creates ?
If you can use Cygwin, there is little point to needing to worry about a Windows scripting solution.
Sorry, I wasn't clear. You would need to add that as a BOOL property on your class. It originally sounded as if you had a single place that handled the notifications and displayed the errors.
You need to make the following changes to your code: However keep in mind that this is extremely vulnerable to SQL injection, and you should also swap MySQL for PDO/MySQLi immediately if you plan to use this code on a live website.
I'm about to hang myself with the little rope I have left.
Hi Derick - right now , I ' m running from the command line , and very soon we ' ll have it hooked up to hudson . We ' ve convinced people that hudson will be fine without a physical log file from the rake execution . And I think I ' ve satiated the desire for log files by using the " . parameters " option on my msbuild and nunit tasks to log output . I ' m LOVING albacore ! You guys did a great job with it . 
So, to send a message to specific socket all you need is to call CODE_FRAGMENT.
whenever i drag-n-drop a stored procedure onto my Context canvas, the parameters/arguments for the stored procedure are all nullable. Why is this? Is it because of how i've declared my parameters inside the stored procudure itself? Besides manually creating my stored procedure methods in the Context partial class (or drag-n-drop onto canvas, cut from autogen'd code, move to partial class, then remove nullables types) .. is there any way to fix this? It's really frustrating :(
This didn't seem to bring the existing window to the foreground when I tried it.
i use with () I want to have the option to choose the months and years. I define this: But I really hate the dropdowns of . I want to have the option to choose the months and years as in It is possible??
Or if you don't want to worry about hieght calculation do this!
That is why I said "depending" and "may be able to". There are many options within autohotkey including automating a search, I just gave one example.
For anybody else that is looking for a great tutorial , the is absolutely excellent . It gave me the background for the way an MVC application is designed , and enough to start making my own applications and research to fill in the blanks . Highly recommend this tutorial . 
I know I can programatically make the taskbar item for a particular window start flashing when something changes, but is there any way I can stop it from flashing either programatically after a certain period of time or at least is there a keyboard shortcur I can give to my users to somehow stop the flashing?
battery emptied my battery for 50% in 1 hour while phone was in standby. don't know how but had to remove in immediately. sorry.
GridView? And accept some answers, for crying out loud!
I have issues with Aptana (3.6.0.201...658) on dark themes. Every time I hit the cursor, the horizontal scroll bar in the workspace flickers into view and out again. This seems to be a bug, which has been reported already a long time ago: Has anyone else found a solution? Makes working in Aptana incredibly annoying.
Excellent, injekt!!! Loved the way you answered.
Thanks a lot for sharing that, Josh!
does not work without previously setting the FILE_NAME.
Regexes are fraught . A regex that splits parameters on commas will get awfully confused if one of the parameters is ` \ " Hello , world ! \ " ` . 
But I will quit committing to Hama then, because I'm not going to support ONLY a binary format.
What languages do you work in? Is there a specific Testing Harness you recommend?
Probably not, given they already have a checksum. Adding a second one isn't going to help all that much unless you're really worried about edge cases which the UDP checksum doesn't pick up.
How to send asynchronous HTTP GET/POST request FILE_NAME without waiting/reading response?
You can use CODE_FRAGMENT with a dynamically created format string, e.g. input CODE_FRAGMENT should become CODE_FRAGMENT.
What you probably want is CODE_FRAGMENT, which returns CODE_FRAGMENT if the cursor is not at the beginning of the result set OR if the result set is empty.
An object created by a user is really no different from one you create yourself (except you have to be suspicious of potentially malicious input!). The simplest way to be able to edit objects outside the admin interface is to use the built-in . Similarly you can delete them with a . If you want to restrict you can edit objects you can user the from .
@NoBugs a NullPointerException can be thrown for 1000 reasons. Are you sure you load the .wav correctly? Are you sure it is in the right path? IIRC, the .wav file should be inside the compiled jar. Although I might be terribly wrong.
Lastly, I don't see any styling data. Does your project have some CSS defined somewhere?
is probably not what you want , but is still really excellent . 
Have you run this on SQL Server?
There are a few plugins which you could look at for that functionality, if not flat-out use: Good luck, hope these help!
Also, your query is completely vulnerable to SQL injection. If you don't know what that is, look it up.
So, everything builds fine, but when we try to deploy the application to GFNUMBER we get the FILE_NAME file not found ''error.
I have just finish that site , but there is a silly bug that remain ... if you check tu horizontal position of the WHOLE page there is a slight shift ... nothing to cry about but WHY here is the 2 pages any idea , the horizontal css is : i dont my page to do the cha - cha - cha ! 
As an aside, if you can use a pull parser and not a SAX parser. They're much easier to work with. With SAX you have to worry about saving state between the callbacks.
I don't have any code to show because I don't know where to start.
This is flat wrong I'm afraid - you should follow W3C guidelines: http://www.w3schools.com/DTD/dtd_el_vs_attr.asp - XML should not be formed on readability or on making it "compact" - but rather using elements or attributes correctly for the purpose which they were designed for.
? best military game on android  accuracy kit and guns.
I would like to keep that original window open throughout when the user is using the File Chooser and after.
I haven't got the invite yet... which email address did you use?
This works in all browsers on Windows. It's an os-level thing, not a browser-level thing.
It ' s HORRIBLE ! No , seriously , I don ' t like it . 
I have two different asp.net web applications both referencing the same dll e.g. . I want to know if there is a way of adding some web.config setting to one of the application's config files to avoid the need to have two copies of the dll lying around. My [simplified] directory structure is as follows:
What is the replacement string for an image url? (edit your question to add this info). For example, what is the desirable result for "http://www.mysite.com/nonono.jpg"?
i love it   but i would love to make this my default sms app i'm an old textra and chomp user.  only gripe is need a lot of improvement like bubble chats even u don't make it bubble it's ok just have a bit of space bet messages cause it is confusing and cluttered to look at.  then also led notification that's one thing that keeps me from using. this as a. daily driver. .  we need better notifications..  this app is worth 5.stars i'd even buy it if it had a price. just to have it full featured. and also text counts on icon
I have a Rails app that uses STI to handle different types of Users, such as: I want to use memcached, but I keep getting the dreaded "unknown class/module" error. I've tried pre-loading all of my ActiveRecord models to no avail. The first request works as normal, but the first pull from memcached errors out. I've followed to no avail either. Is using memcached possible with single table inheritance?
There's no way to do that, AFAIK.
I want to be able to start External Application in C# WPF How do I do it?
Malice? Seriously though, it's hard to account for formatting style sometimes. It's largely a matter of personal taste. Personally, I think that both forms are a little nasty unless you're seriously restricted in terms of line-length.
I am developing a widget on iphone. I want to resize height of widget. I changed it as follows. but I didnt find a refresh mechanism. It works after reopen NC panel. Do you have any idea? Regards, Bliss
In netbeans, if I select some text and press , it works correctly and the text is indented to the right side as expected. But if I then try to backspace behind the text, it only removes one space at a time. Very annoying. Is there any way to change this setting, so backspacing behind a tabbed line causes the whole tab to be removed and not just 1 space?
I have an .ico file with 5 icon sizes embedded in it being used as the main application icon and the System Tray icon. When it shows up in the task bar the icon is using the 16x16 format which is desired. When the icon shows up in the Notification Area/System tray, it is using the 32x32 format and Windows is rendering it down to a 16x16 icon, which looks horrible. How do I force windows to use the 16x16 icon size in the notification area? Here's my code to put the icon in the system tray:
Add a listener to your ``Submit ''button.
Devexpress have a good one: The RangeTrackBarControl control extends the functionality provided by the TrackBarControl enabling end-users to select a range of values. Two sliders can be used to set the minimum and maximum values: you can get them free from: hope this helps!
great alarm  but has new bug making it use lots of battery i like this alarm  i definitely like being able to wake up to a random playlist. but since an update its now using massive amounts of battery using the gps. i'm guessing it's something to do with sunrise feature. i don't use the sunrise alarm and i certainly don't move between countries enough for it to constantly be updating. so either a setting to not allow access to gps or to only update once a day would be useful. otherwise i'll have to go back to the standard alarm until it's fixed.
Never been this frustrated before ... I HATE UIs ! Will have to deal with them one day 
Obtain the raw lines and keep them in a ( Clojure ) lazy sequence.
Absolutely: Jersey is The Thing to use for JSON-based/aware web services.
While we ' re at it , there is no such thing as Unicode . Well , there is , but it does not concern itself with earthly matters files . There are numerous encodings which bridge that gap , but you don ' t appear to be aware of that or the difference this makes . See also : [ The Absolute Minimum Every Software Developer Absolutely , Positively Must Know About Unicode and Character Sets ( No Excuses ! ) ] ( http : / / www . joelonsoftware . com / articles / Unicode . html ) ) 
@ryanc: Excellent! Now I understand what is going on, rather than just thrashing, as before. I think your explanation (about the canvas ignoring `refresh-now` before it is open) is very sensible. (If any Racket developers are listening here, it seems a valuable tool would be a way to pause until the frame is ready for action, platform-independent.)
Sorry, most of the code for this is 3rd party and I do not have access to it, making things extremely difficult/frustrating.
The reason I do not want to have method to accept Reader is that, I want my own method to have own control to decide what type of encoding should be used.
Here is a code that I have written.
But now that I think about it, it may crap out when coming back to read even on a recovered file.
is the most comprehensive I've found, but it suffers from much the same problem you noted in Control Panel. Maybe you can help by updating it with any information you've found independently?
So, I'm trying to make a 3D grapher for a class. Right now I'm working on understanding OpenGL and I'm failing horribly. I want to move the camera, but I can't at all, whatsoever. Why doesn't this work?
The following scripting is a custom addition to this Hover Fade Button ; in my version it keeps the text of the button while changing the background images through css classes only . I have able to everything except when you click on another button you get two active buttons and so on . I like the buttons to hover { span . hover class } , click { span . active class } , and remove any other buttons with the span . active class and put back to regular state . Greatly appreciate a solution ! 
Then it's up to you to add the relevant code to the method body.
Undefined doesn't always mean unpredictable. As I said, it's definitely abuse.
I've got an application that I'm moving over to ClickOnce and the app has a moderately sized data folder with hundreds of files that I need to inlcude in the deployment. The folder needs to be in the same place relative to the EXE after deployment. I've seen several suggestions on how to do this but there doesn't seem to be a agreed upon method for doing this. Any suggestions would be great - Thanks!
Excellent, now that I know the name I can easily google tutorials! ty! :)
If you give each key a unique name, e.g. "invoices.invoice_id" instead of "invoices.id", then you can use the "natural join" and "using" operators with no worries. E.g. instead of SQL is verbose enough without making it more verbose.
I've been trimming the UI of our website by doing the following in the onload event of that control: This has become very tedious because there are so many controls to check again and again. As soon as I get it all working, designers request to change the UI and then it starts all over. Any suggestions?
There's lots of things that I don't know about languages and syntax. +1 because I learned that you can make a setter private inside a public property. Awesomeness ensues!
good and bad it has virus!!!!!!!!!
I'm new to developing web applications using the .NET framework. I'm just wondering if .NET has any support for saving a custom int value for each (logged in) user? Could I perhaps use the HttpContext.User property or something? I'd be really grateful for some help on this! /Ylva
Clients deliver us files that big that we have to parse through.
Excellent - I ' m glad you found it ! The double quotes may be a unix / linux thing . Note that Oracle will accept ` username / pw @ db ` or ` username @ db / pw ` . 
SCSS is not _ _ better _ _ than SASS , just different . It all depends on how you are used to writing code . If you are used to HAML - style terseness , then you could argue that SASS is better ( less lines of code , less syntax braces , etc ) . Just pick your flavor and enjoy ! 
AT what stage are you populating the ListBox? I fear you are doing it too late to be persisted in the page, if ViewState is not somehow disabled.
anyone have any experience of using them together? How well does it work? or is it just too much grief?
what exactly is not working? its hard to guess  you shouldnt be using erigi to check for a substring: 1) its deprecated 2) use instead. edit: your code screams sql injection!
Sorry Avdhesh, I forgot to add these two files to the patch, here is the new patch containing the missing files
Does it make any difference if you go
Problem: without zooming, the added content doesn't get visible.
Why doesn't the "-C" flag have an option to enable the "use utf8"-pragma?
I'm looking for as automatic way as possible. Surronding every query with a StopWatch would work, but it's a lot of work.
How do you configure tomcat to bind to a single ip address (localhost) instead of all addresses?
I ' ve done much searching on this and can ' t seem to find an example that helps my case . I have an array so : What I am trying to achieve is a new array with grouping the following : Any pointers would me hugely appreciated ! 
I'm not knowledgeable in the whole "server-side" idea. Right now, I just want to start learning how to send data from a windows mobile phone application to a server. I'm pretty good at C# and making apps. I just need to learn how to send data from and to a server/mobile application. I am using Silverlight (The latest one) as the API for my windows phone app. At the moment, a "hello world" sort of program would be awesome. Any help is is extremely appreciated! Subby~
That makes sense, but the issue for me was that I had no way of knowing a PrefixQuery actually became a BooleanQuery.
from a really geeky perspective, that is really cool!
An output connector should also have a say in what URLs it will accept.
Follow the steps otherwise your code is fine.
Are you really sure you need to use a cursor? Those are not supposed to be the first choice in SQL Server these days. In fact, many experts abhor them.
ADG is a terrible and wondrous thing . I ' m still trying to figure out the " data " object structure when using group fields Cheers 
This is a problem with Windows Firewall that is very annoying from its introduction. And persist trough several versions of windows. I have two questions: Is it possible to be disabled or at least require confirmation in XP/2003 Server ? Does UAC handles this in Vista/2008 server? If it does not - is there any way to disable it?
I appreciate your warm welcome, I never seen such a warm regard here for trying to be helpful, it was a really pleasant introduction and I want to thank you for taking your time to write - at last the end of the questions reads "If anyone has any ideas I would be extremely grateful!"
this is FILE_NAME to read your data from BlockingQueue.
The WPF SDK Team posted a EXCELLENT article about chromeless windows available here: This is a MUST read!!! UPDATED Also found article by Lester Lebo on how to use the WPF Shell Integration Library for a custom window chrome
I want to be able to play sound files in my program. Where should I look?
You are processing the newline character as if it is legitimate input. You should either read the entire line (including the newline, perhaps using a ) and then process the first character of the line or simply add a test to skip newlines in your loop logic.P.S. Converting case by adding or subtracting 32 is a really awful approach. It won't work with anything but a-z and A-Z (in the English alphabet). It won't work for most characters outside the Basic Latin block and shouldn't be used at all for characters that have no alternate case (such as newline). You should be using and instead.
Excellent! Thanks for telling me about this. I'll be watching this.
I always seem to use Get when working with data ( strongly typed or otherwise ) from the database and I have never really needed to use Fill although I just as easily could use Fill instead of get when pulling out and updating data . Can anyone provide guidance as to the implications and gotchas of each method ? In what situations is it preferable to use one or the other ? Any performance implications ? Thanks in advance for the answers ! I love this community ! 
Thanks--good answers. This is, in fact, a DateTime type; I had to typecast "stoptime" as: Minor point. It works great!
One thing I forgot, make sure the dev database you are running the migration from (the sql server database) is updated from production immediately before each test run. Hate to have something fail on prod because you were testing against outdated records.
Can the nodes be the same but be declared in a different order?
It seems, after a quick google search, that a popular solution to this is using CODE_FRAGMENT.
crashed system stopped working. no matter what i did this app kept crashing the system. my phone wouldn't work. the screen kept going black and i couldn't run anything. happened all of a sudden. uninstalled and went over to go launcher ex. same features  smoother  not crashing even with more widgets running. sorry adw.
excellent bonus tip re lcd ! I didn ' t know that existed , but will be very useful . 
Someone is scared to tell the reason of -1 !
I ' ve accidentally created a file called / and one called -- reporter = test and now I can ' t delete them , attempting to delete the -- reporter file results in rm : illegal option -- - I haven ' t attempted to delete the one called / I ' m too scared , help ! ! 
Entering "udp://host:666" in the location bar doesn't work very well. Is there any work-around for sending a single "empty" datagram to a host using an ordinary web browser? The response is no issue since the use case I'm think about is port knocking ("http://host:666" doesn't work well since browsers tend to repeat the request if there is no response, thus violating the designated knock sequence).
Now I think it is not possible in c++ (without explicitly qualifying the namespace), it's so sad :(
I have some questions.. (See an image for more information here: .) 1.When the animation plays reverse, i want it to play faster.. Is there any way I can do this? By code maybe? 2.Also. When the animation played backwards, and then forewards again I want it to stop at 'mouseover'. How can I do this? If i put a trigger stop between them, it also stopt when it is playing backwards. I really hope someone knows how to do this! Thankyou, Kind regards, Ellen
@JoranBeasley Please read [The Absolute Minimum Every Software Developer Absolutely, Positively Must Know About Unicode and Character Sets (No Excuses!)](http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/Unicode.html). Unicode is not a character encoding and not concerned with bytes, though as a matter of fact you cannot fit all unicode code points into 16 bit because there are more than 2^16 of them.
You could try using the HTML <button> tag instead of a link or a submit button. For example, The <button> tag is much easier to style than the standard <input type="submit">. There are some cross-browser quirks but they are not insurmountable. A really great article about the use of <button> can be found at particletree:
oh ok...I forgot php considered empty strings as FALSe, though it was just 0 and null
You can just store it in a variable if it's scoped to each element:
I need to echo only selected lines from a . txt file using PHP . The txt file content looks this : The previous working code was echoing every lines . I ' m trying to get the same formating but only with the selected lines . For instance let say only lines : 3 , 5 , 8 , 10 . The second step would then be if the lines could be echoed in a different order than the initial one . If someone knows a simple way to do it , that would be excellent ! Thanx in advance . 
@JonesV excellent! I think thats what I wanted: "//*vptr is address of first virtual function in VTABLE viz. display()"
Herb Sutter has a great treatment of this exact topic in Items 26, 27 and 28, "Minimizing Compile-time Dependencies, Parts 1, 2 and 3", in his excellent book Exceptional C++, ISBN: 0201615622. IMHO, this is one of the best C++ programming books available.
is hugely useful :) I'm sure it could be improved a bit further with computing the name of the directory once and re-using it, but this is nicer-enough that I'm fine stopping here. :)
C# syntax is so close to Java (and better in some ways) that you might as well learn C# instead of J#. And since C# is more widely used, you can easily find Java --> C# tutorials on google or check out and watch some videos.
I think you should use for embedding.
Is it possible to make play swf in full screen mode when HTML page lunch?
Hmm, that sucks.
I need to write some code that will buffer a line to create a polygon as shown below . From following the steps outlined , I can create polygon shapes around simple lines that do not cross themselves or have too tight curves , but as the lines I ' m trying to buffer are squiggly swhirly hurricane tracks , it ' s really not good enough . I know there ' s a function in SQL Server 2008 that can do this , but I ' m afraid that ' s currently a no go . Can anyone point me in the direction of a more complete algorithm I can follow , or any background info that could help me figure this out ? 
This can be done by submitting a runnable to an ExecutorService maintained by you.
I can think of scenarios where initial sealing might be desirable until inheritance is required. I have some libraries that make use of the implied 'sealed' knowledge to optimise some dynamic (run-time) processing (e.g. the knowledge that there is never going to be a derived class).
? freezes and force closes a lot on droid incredible
Dude, you scare me! At least make an effort in PROVIDING CODE!
Each node in the network sends periodically updated data from sensors ( voltage, current, temperature etc. ).
? omg i love this app!!! he is too cute.. or is it a she??
Does it make sense to start learning JavaFx if I do not have any background in UI programming? Is it more advisable to learn Swing first and then move on to JavaFx ? I tried the on JavaFx website in Netbeans and the code looked extremely complicated to me. I am wondering if JavaFx is too advanced for a beginnner GUI developer.
Are you expecting to speed up the video without affecting the sound, or did the timer solution just make the sound aggressively awful?
Igor is an idiot, and we *do* need gmake.
Maybe only one of us should play lawyer and the other one play engineer.
Could someone tell me what the units the SetTimeout ( int ) method in the ICriteria interface uses ? Is it milliseconds , seconds , minutes or other ? 
Excellent! Thanks for the info.
Oh, this was was a pain! I probably lost 2 hours on this. Here is the solution: CMake uses short 'C' applications to test/try things. If the CMakeLists.txt states that C++ is used for the project, without also listing C, then some of those shorts tests incorrectly fail, and cmake then thinks those things aren't found. The solution was to change the first line of CMakeLists from this: ...to include C as a language: Then delete , recreate it, and everything then works:
Is this a question that would be better suited to [programmers.stackexchange](http://programmers.stackexchange.com/)?
Sure play around it , WP is easy it will just take a bit of time to get used to the structure . 
If you want to be really paranoid, you can install VPN clients on every computer, and have a off-site VPN server at a datacenter... But that eats into your bandwidth, and is probably more complexity than you want to put up with.
You don ' t know if threads are killed unless you catch a signal that tells you so ! 
Each date for which you want to create an appointment can be represented as a CODE_FRAGMENT, FILE_NAME for a date-only value without a time-of-day and without a time zone.
Hey guys . I told my wife all options that you gave and she went for " As Required " , says it sounded more formal to her , and although Unspecified matches the scenario too , she didn ' t like how it looked on the agreement . Couldn ' t mark your answer as preferred since you put it as a comment ceejayoz . But , really thank you all for the very quick answers and taking the time to help ! 
+1 for the docbkx Maven plugin, it provides everything needed to work with DocBook in a platform independent manner. It's an excellent tool even if you are not working on Java projects. http://code.google.com/p/docbkx-tools
What is event bubbling in Flex?
Provide path from src or bin to file location ( Running from eclipse ).
The function signature for pthread _ create requires a function that returns . Also , returned from should be treated opaquely . Both of these changes are reflected below and compile on my machine : UPDATE : There are some other issues with your program as well . For example , it ' s very likely that main will exit before your thread runs . You should join on your thread if you want to make sure it exits first . Using raw pthreads is a great way to learn about threads but can be very very painful compared to some of the pre - existing frameworks out there - try boost : : thread or std : : thread if you want to just get up and running with as little hassle as possible . 
UPDATE: Actually, it turns out that you CAN supply system properties to the Jarsigner tool, it's just not in the help message.
what I am trying to do it show what terminal port im useing when I am currently logged in to my linux server. If anyone could offer some help I would be very greatfull!! thanks
I need to send and receive data over serial connections (RS-232 and RS-422). How do I set up and communicate with such a connection? How do I figure out what the configuration settings (e.g. baud rate) should be and how do I set them? In particular I am looking to do this in Java, C/C++, or one of the major Unix shells but I also have some interest in serial programming using Windows/Hyperterminal.
very good but can you add download all attachment as zip option ?  we miss this very nice feature which is available in web version.
Instead of saying: say: This would preserve the tag and also remove the malicious code from lines where the tag doesn't exist! EDIT: As by , you can say:
Come on, you are worrying about efficiency while your first line of code is incorrect!
Someone is scared to tell the reason of -1 !
You mean I can use LINQ as the data provider for my whole app?
What happens if a thread is interrupted multiple times by different threads?
Would it help to create a View in your database that excludes the blob, and then generate your dbml from the view? It's not too terribly different from your second option, but keeps the changes mainly in the database itself, without requiring any changes to your existing table structure.
Before sweating the details on size limits , do some math on how many images you ' ll have , what the average size will be and how much storage actually costs . You ' ll find that the time you spend worrying about it isn ' t worth it . The storage cost is so low that your time is probably better spent on other things . 
I created a library project, exported it to a JAR file, and added to the build path of a couple of clients.
Perhaps I am missing something, but I am just learning javascript. My understanding of Single Origin Policy is that Google Analytics should not be able to send data back to Google. How is it able to transmit send data to Google without violating the policy?
this is a disgustingly horrible hack, but it might get the job done:
Thanks for providing the patch.
I'm working on a webservice + AJAX interface, and I'm worried about authentication. This moment I'm passing username and password to the webservice as arguments, but I fear that this approach is highly insecure. I was told that ssl could solve my problem, but I want more alternatives. My webservice is written in php and my interface is in php + AJAX. The webservice receives arguments from POST or GET and retreives xml (in a future maybe I'll use JSON)
And windows 7? Is 3.5 SP1 preinstalled, or is it just 3.5 out of the box?
Well I thought I am authorized, once I used my API_KEY to authorize my access to GoogleBook.
I have a custom UITableViewController class that is shared among a few ViewControllers of my app . I would like to do pre - emptive fetching before the user has hit the bottom of the page . However , I noticed that if the user scrolls up and then down again , my VC will trigger another fetching . So I came up with a flag isFetching which checks to prevent double fetching . Unfortunately I am running asynchronous code and I need a way to reset this flag after my fetching operation has completed . FeedVC : Delegate : I find it very painful to pass around a finish bloc in order to flip a boolean . does anyone have a better recommendation ? 
It is really painfull to get all code form TFS whenever you make a build using NANT . Is there any settings in ccnet . config which will only take the files which are changed form last time which can speed up the process . 
Also, you might find that being able to cast our variables makes working with events in Dart bliss.
I'm wondering if its possible to join together IEnumerable's. Basically I have a bunch of users and need to get their content from the database so I can search and page through it. I'm using LINQ to SQL, my code at the moment it: I hope that make some sense! Matt
i.e. is it possible to do this:
urllib.quote ought to help with this.
strange error . One of which i cannot find any existing resources to solve the issue . The issue is , when using I get pointed to a folder at " C : \ Program Files ( x86 ) \ Common Files \ Microsoft Shared \ DevServer \ 10.0 " . Naturally , this breaks everything which depends on the correct folder ( the one my solution is actually in ) being given . What is more strange is that there exists a unit - test to make sure that this path at least has the correct root folder and sometimes it will pass and will be working as expected , and then the very next debug , will point to the aforementioned folder again . Very confusing and very annoying ! Any ideas ? 
I'm writing an Eclipse plugin for the JDT. I need a functionality that tracks certain strings or regular expressions and possibly creates markers. I know that Eclipse already does that for //TODO comments, for example (creating task markers for them) but I'm not sure if I can use the same mechanism. I can write my own but worried it would be too inefficient and not sensitive enough to code chnanges.
Ah man, my changes did not save. JSFiddle was lagging terribly for me so I'm not suprised -- sorry!
I don't unterstand why you don't want to use join for this one.
You'll need to customize the formatter's CODE_FRAGMENT method, since NumberFormat normally ignores trailing characters.
If I can avoid it, no. And, to my knowledge, there is always a way to avoid it. But I'm not stating that it's totally useless either
awesome great game  but in the next update y'all should add a bet with cash feature
They sure didn ' t @ MichaelSzyndel . It ' s extremely frustrating . I am using the latest ver , too . I really would like to get it working properly . 
can't install i can't install it on my samsung note iii please fix it. error. (941)
I'm however very interested in this feature as it is essential to me.
There is another way ... As the WPF application is coded with the . NET framework , it is compiled to MSIL ( Microsoft Intermediate Language ) . This means you can use a decompiler such as ILSpy to decompile and view the code of BaronReplays . This will give you some idea of how BaronReplays works so you can implement the same ideas into your own code project ... Hope this helped ! Rodit 
The function is written to expect an array, but you're passing it an integer. Did you mean ? (That does at least print a list of numbers, but I'm afraid many of them are not primes!)
Now that's a lousy, lousy way to answer a question. Where do you do this?
Well, this is a bit of an awful hack but quite frankly any C++ application which needs a way to define an unconstructable object is probably already an awful hack! And under GCC, I get the following: test.cpp: In function int main(): test.cpp:9: error: cannot declare variable an_instance to be of abstract type la test.cpp:2: note: because the following virtual functions are pure within la: test.cpp:4: note: virtual void la::oh_no_you_dont()
Excellent question and I agree, it should be throwing an HTTP Not Authorized status.
It will return the same context object, it will not create a new object.
I'm in everyone else's boat, this would prove incredibly useful, especially in my case where I know I need to closely examine the last 4 revisions. Analogous experience with limiting the number of log messages displayed would make it very natural to limit the number of revisions one retrieves going back from the current version.
bugs with update since the last update this game constantly freezes up  is  no longer connected to facebook  and when i try to reconnect to facebook  the facebook icon starts wiggling and the game freezes up  i hate not being able to connect. please fix this issue and i'll give my 5 stars back.
There is a dynamic templating component that is moving from the tapx component library to core Tapestry in NUMBER.
I need from document object or from a DOM element (i.e. a DIV) to know which is its window object. In Firefox I can do: but obviously in that AWFUL browser that statement not work!!!
Then I can suggest you to use go through advanced search form php tutorial or use the WP plugins.
You are setting adapter eveytime after executing doInBackground.
improving rapidly. this app used to be crappy while the service was ok  but recently the app has started receiving updates on a regular basis adding a lot of basic functionality that should have been there from the beginning. now it features landscape support  resume from last position  notification bar controls and save to sd card. however  i still sorely miss a decent widget  easily sortable queues or the extensions found in the desktop app.
More of a caution than a fix. Ensure you are not an administrator of your page as being one fires both visible-to-connection and the else. Very annoying!
package file invalid i had my phone on factory reset and wanted to reinstall this app. getting package file invalid error. whats this all about? i always loved im+ but now seems like im beginning to hate it! pls fix this issue or tell me what to do. this had been ongoing for 2 weeks now..
Thanks for the answers guys, all where to me really useful! :)
NicoGranelli mentioned Nancy(). It's really great! Plz check this project JabbR() It's a chat involving SignalR and Nancy. Great Job!
( I ' m assuming you don ' t have a DMR . ) There is no easy / clean way to do this in Cognos . In your query , you ' ll have to build a calculation for each year in your output . So , something this for 2013 : And basically the same for 2014 . Cut the Trans piece out of your crossab . Then you ' ll nest those two calcs under your years . To get rid of all the zeroes or nulls , select the two columns . From the menu , select , , . Finally , you will drop a calc in next to your Years in the crosstab ( not under them ) . The expression will be ( or whatever you end up naming your calcs ) . Format it as a percent , and you should be good to go . Told you it was a pain ! 
When you have received the CODE_FRAGMENT warning ( fatal in Java ), retry opening a CODE_FRAGMENT, but this time without a host name.
I want to to do this, on an 8-bit micro controller with the least possible number of instructions.
I know how to query workitems , although I haven ' t been very successful finding info on the WIQL . There ' s one basic example that seems to get repeated everywhere . I ' d like to be able to query changesets . Can I do it with tf . exe , tfpt . exe , or .. ? 
Just wondering what actually happens after you exceed 2147483647 records?
I have developed a cumulative sum function as defined below in the Haskell library Repa. However, I have run into an issue when combining this function with the transpose operation. All 3 of the following operations take well under a second: However, if I write: performance degrades horrendously. While each individual operation in isolation takes well under a second on a 1920x1080 image, when combined they now take 30+ seconds... Any ideas on what could be causing this? My gut tells me it has something to do with delayed arrays, not forcing at the right time, etc... But I do not have enough experience to track this down quite yet.
I want to change an image of an UIImageView from the applicationDidFinishLaunching method of the app delegate class. But I am afraid that this class doesnt know much about the controller outlet. What must I do in this case?
Anybody found yet a good web site architecture using linq to sql ? Any help will be very helpful ! 
@ Bober02 if u are in this industry sooner or later you will " meet " Martin Thompson ' s excellent blog , I ' m glad to introduce you to it . : ) http : / / mechanical - sympathy . blogspot . com / 2011 / 07 / memory - barriersfences . html Happy reading ! 
This is extremely unsafe! Use `mysqli` or `pdo` instead of `mysql_`.
I needed to write a program which adds binary numbers as if they were decimal.
I am working with Eclipse (Indigo) to develop C projects. When I create a new C project in a new workspace, by default the "Autosave before build" option is not set. This is extremely frustrating, as autosave is usually the default behavior in other IDE's I worked on. I change some code, build and nothing seems to go as expected - until I remember that the option is not set... Is there a way to make Eclipse open a new workspace with this option set?
lovely! this is lovely apk.
Okay, a before <example> And a desired after <example> I know, horrific (don't ask!) See how the slash in the key indicates children, and how the order is nested accordingly? And items without orders are simply shifted to the bottom. But also how multiple 'same level' items with the same order are merely sorted by key?
I hate it too. But did you stop to think why i wanted to do this instead of just assuming im an idiot? Its a small personal site, not a money maker. Rebuilt it to learn a new technology. Not bothered 301ing pages to their new versions. So instead trying to get some value to the homepage.
I want to ask some questions.
Hey, I saw that you used asyncsocket to get the desired result. Any chance I could pick your brains about this sometime? I'm @suprfrends on twitter. It would be GREATLY appreciated!
Nice! I love the video software! lol. Had to download it. Anyway, I fixed the Open Modal, I didn't fix teh fixed modal. I'll get back to you in a minute
sooo annoying!! its a good app and it works fine but sometimes it just freezes and when i go on my actual camera it says it failed so i have to turn the phone off and turn it i'm again!! plz fix this!!!
The named scopes already proposed are pretty fine. The clasic way to do it would be:
But when I run this json through CODE_FRAGMENT I see that CODE_FRAGMENT been replaced with CODE_FRAGMENT.
I'll second Zend_Form; it has an excellent ini style implementation that allows you to define a form extremely quickly:
I'll bet you that your main's function signature is incorrect. You use: but SDL_main.h wants Aside: You see, SDL does something really horrific when compiling: It renames your function to , injecting its own main function which, in turn, calls yours. Note that if this doesn't work, then you may be compiling with wrong flags. To be sure, take the flags by running: For more information, see
It can't be closed, but you can remove the OK button by specifying a function as the 3rd parameter: But seriously think about this, because spawning unclosable dialog boxes won't exactly make people overjoyed about your site.
Incidentally if we all nag Joe Walnes enough we might be able to persuade him to release a new qdox which can ignore annotations etc (though it will still struggle with generics I think)
This is simply the tip of the WTF iceberg I'm exposing with this question. The rest of the app, and the purpose for its very existence is more painful, if you'll believe it.
It dependes where it is exactly located.
It is able to handle all polygon cases, including the self-intersecting ones.
wow, awesome! never knew this. Thanks again!
Sorry, I meant to have this patch in sooner but got quite busy, I expect to have it soon.
Just making a note that this answer is now out of date. The feature is available.
If you're interested I have more to add ( since there's not a lot out there about this topic )... We are currently using maven ``js ''artifacts so we can leverage maven's dependency management with our 3rd party js.
The issue at hand , is that your parent thread finishes , but doesn ' t check if there are child threads left which are still running , which are silently killed in this manner ! I would recommend the following approach : Instead of use change your thread code around : to Similar answered . 
terrible ppl have 4g.."error occurs  please try again"...fix it ...or bye bye...no one talks on this site anyway
My goal is to write a cookie when the user authenticates. We are using a crappy framework that hides its source code and event model so when I use their login control I can't set a session timeout on it! Anyhow, I am trying to write a cookie when the user is logged in, and then refresh the cookie expire time on subsequent page views (sliding expiration). So I figured I could initially create the cookie during Application_AuthenticateRequest in teh global.asax but that seems to be firing even when the user hasn't signed in yet. Is that suppose to be the case?
You also might want to check out Uche Ogbuji ' s excellent XML Data Binding Library , Amara : ( Documentation here : ) The cool thing about Amara is that it turns an XML document in to a Python object , so you can just do stuff : ( which creates a Record element that contains Name and Value elements ( which in turn contain the values of the name and value variables ) ) . 
@Martinho: Indeed. But you have to learn an awful lot of C++ to understand WTF type traits do, and what the corresponding syntax means!
encryption/decryption of the relevant code as well, and emit the IL. This would be another layer of obscurity that although doesn't ultimately protect you really, it does make it a little more of a pain. Also, post your question at reverse-engineering.net forums and see what those crackers say.
Excellent thank you guys!
If they do then Suse's cpio works for old ascii but the -c switch is broken.
+1 for the /f I've written couple of scripts for that but without /f it was such a pain; required me to be there when running the script to type "y+[return]"
as you can see folks hate spending time giving details on bad advice ! 
What is the difference for and
I solved this need by using . I am able to route calls from Edge to my local machine. Absolutely love ngork! :-)
OK, so what do you want me to do about that? Hint: how about *telling us* what your problem is?
Crashes for me on a virtual machine without Flash loaded. I hate annoying Flash embeds as much as the next guy, but using it is BAD might be overegging it slightly...
No worries and good luck with it! ;)
I need to see the contents of the viewstate of an asp.net page. I looked for a viewstate decoder, found but it asks for the url of a page to get its viewstate. Since my viewstate is formed after a postback and comes as a result of an operation in an update panel, I cannot provide a url. I need to copy & paste the viewstate string and see what's inside. Is there a tool or a website exist that can help viewing the contents of viewstate?
Can you show us some code? Extremely difficult to diagnose otherwise.
An excellent book I have, which covers this topic, is , by Clifton Nock. It has got many good explanations and good ideas on how to decouple your business layer from the persistence layer. You really should give it a try. It's one of my favorite books.
There's an excellent series of posts on execution plans and how to read and interpret them - and a totally free e-book on the topic as well! - on the excellent Simple-Talk site. Check them out - well worth the time!
In order to improve performance, data which relates to output information ( eg.
The following ( cut down ) code excerpt is a Linq - To - Entities query that results in SQL ( via ToTraceString ) that is much slower than a hand crafted query . Am I doing anything stupid , or is Linq - to - Entities just bad at optimizing queries ? I have a ToList ( ) at the end of the query as I need to execute it before using it to build an XML data structure ( which was a whole other pain ) . While working on this , I ' ve also has some real problems with Dates . When I just tried to include returned dates in my data structure , I got internal error " 1005 " . 
This reply is incomplete: we currently have an app that is leaking permgen memory and the number of loaded classes is absolutely constant. Both facts can be seen by using JConsole. We suffer from the same problem as the original poster in that we have no way to analyze the permgen in detail.
Please contact me if you need any clarifications.
And it fits with MVVM. +1
Here is another one to consider http://tableview.codeplex.com
or if your goal is to wrap an existing method that does declare its exception.
What platform ? What languages will you accept ? 
is in so u need not to worry! Internally the data is always stored as TEXT, so even if you create table with , SQLite is going to follow the rules of data type
The ToolStripManager is hopelessly broken. LoadSettings doesn't do a thing...and I'm evidently not the only one with this problem: https://connect.microsoft.com/VisualStudio/feedback/ViewFeedback.aspx?FeedbackID=128042 So...anyone have a workaround? The one posted in that thread just moved all the toolbars to the bottom of the window.
When specified as above , Spring distinguishes constructor arguments by order of appearance . The notation would only switch between setting the attributes by constructor to setting them by accessor . I ' m afraid , this will not change anything . 
Coding horror!!!
For instance , will I be able to create an application that allows users to create and modify existing types at runtime ? Will I be able to persist instances of those types in SQL without having to worry about the user who adds 100,000 records and expects a ( really ) fast query on them ? Think SharePoint Content Types ... but on steroids . Oslo steroids - Possible or not ? 
bug my mobile is moto g only my voice only it is recording unable to record the second person voice please fix the bug.
I've tested them out and everything is fine.
'Course I do, corrected.
Consider using Ragel That's what powers mongrel under the hood. Parsing a string multiple times is going to slow things down dramatically.
great....but....game is not responding payed $.99 so i cld continue playing.  not working. will rate 5* when i can continue.  i have sufficient storage space and to b safe i uninstalled two games with large storage needs. i have shut my phone down and restarted it.  the game will still not work.
This is a common problem , and it ' s not a matter of " PHP is lying to me ! " You have to understand how PHP sends the emails , and how servers interpret and process them . Your email host is likely interpreting these emails as spam , and sending them to a quarantine folder . None of this has anything to do with how PHP is handling your email . 
I'm sorry Mark, I came back here to remove my comment as after building the app from scratch I have found that by default it used WhenExhaustedAction = GROW and not BLOCK!
I'm really glad it worked! Btw, the best way to show appreciation on Stack Overflow if someone helps to solve your problem is to upvote their answer and mark it as solved :)
I love it when I find the answer to my question without having to ask - thanks for running into the same question I had and helping me work through my issues!
Filip is both correct and incorrect, at least wrt to Java and ASP.NET. An applet can get access to the ASP.NET session by cheating. In my case, we added the session id as a parameter to the applet, which the applet then adds as a cookie in it's requests. Seems to work ok. (We encrypted the session id to foil those nasty hacker folk!)
? very big wins and i love playing it
if you ' re really , really worried about performance , using a live nodelist might be faster : This is unlikely to make much of a difference though , and as has been mentioned , using setInterval with long intervals ( a second is big , 4ms is small ) is unlikely to have any major effects . 
It is possible to pass VM flags to expand this range, too.
Yeah, I thought the same thing when I was writing the answer.
Does iTextSharp support Windows Metro Apps? I am trying to create PDFs from a C# Metro App, but PdfWriter.GetInstance requires some arguments which is not available in WinRT. Any help would be EXTREMELY appreciated!
I asked before about pixel-pushing, and have now managed to get far enough to get noise to show up on the screen. Here's how I init: Here's how I render each frame: Problem is this is awfully awfully slow, around 5fps. I think my path to publish the buffer must be wrong. Is it even possible to do full-screen pixel-based graphics that I could update at 30fps, without using the 3D chip?
I have no clue if this approach would be feasible or not , but then there are two things you could try : 1 . Create a singleton class where you and the arraylist . The class might look this : To access the list you could write : is the name of the getter method and before getting it set it . Else you might get . Also a receiver might start before the list is filled . So always check for null before you use it . 2 . The other option is you store the list in a cache object Check for even in this case in the broadcast receiver before using it . Hope that helps ! 
I see. Everything makes sense now. Thanks a lot for the excellent answers!
One of the first cool demos in the 1.0 era was page turn photo book . The idea caught a bit of traction and Jeff Prosise wrote up a framework for it What I ' m looking for is an update to 3.0 ( or at least 2.0 ) While I appreciate Prosise effort , I ' m not that thrilled about all the Javascript required to drive the application . Any pointers ? This is primarily for a learning exercise , so canned controls are of limited interest . 
Why would you return an IList in the first place? From a WCF service?
After installing Node, fresh installation of Yeoman throws several warnings. Command Warnings I am not sure, whether I should be worried about these warnings or just ignore them! Either ways I want to understand the reason behind getting these warnings.
Awesome, that did it! Thanks David!
Sweet! Git, I love git! :)
No worries! Keep at it...it's overwhelming at first, but it gets easier
I'm afraid not! AFAIK, the English resources aren't available at all in other international editions of the OS.
+1 for this question - I have the same issue.
Good question. I noticed method entry breakpoints slow things down considerably when I'm debugging Java programs with Eclipse. I hope someone has the answer!
The was a pretty awesome read/reference! Although there are some typos, etc., it is really extensive and has tons of examples. C & C++.
For C# Visual Studio uses 4 spaces by default, whereas for C++ it is hard-tabs. Why is it so? Why is it different? My project consists of both C# and C++ code and the difference really annoys me. I want to set a common standard for all the sources, but I wonder if this would have any drawbacks.
A stupid bug in a patch that is already applied.
something went wrong error on all saved changes in edit page info. please fix and i will revise!
I have a file in the form If I try to splot such file, gnuplot intended it as a surface, and the result is very awful (because the endpoint of a line is close to the endpoint of next line, not to the first point). How can I plot them as different lines (as every line was in a different file)?
Example ( 35 degrees ): WEB_ADDRESS.
Excellent, well thought out and worded question. +1, more if it were only possible!
That is really, really, really smart! Thanks.
Why is it a pain for the time to be accurate? The OS keeps it synchronized for you automatically using NTP on any operating system made in the last 10 years...
? simple quick and excellent
I want them to resize based on the length of the data they're showing.
Am a beginner in using Ember i am working on a template for my site and when i put the TEMPLATE code in a handlebar it's not working but if i remove it form the handlebar it works, meaning i have linked the correct JS and Css files needed. Am posting the index.html and App.js please assistance would be great :) :) INDEX.HTML APP.JS GitHub is here for the file..... Thanks Loads Shei
We ' re in the process of packaging combinations of our products / modules . Some of them are stand - alone some are interdependent . All versions must be deployable side - by - side . As it is we ' re considering two choices : One MSI per package and version One MSI per product / module and version The first alternative would mean that combinations of the same merge modules would be delivered in several packages . The second alternative represents the simpler path . Can you give some advice on the subject ? Will any of the alternatives cause grief in the longer run ? 
So I have py27-scipy installed
+1 Fantastic question! I have no idea when I would ever use this, but I'm fascinated to know someone needs this.
There's some configuration settings that look like they can be defined for the ObjectMapper that controls the behaviour of the root element.
then you might want to take full control over how Preferences should follow your desired storage by implementing . You can see a linux based implementation here: Good luck!
I heard like Java is the most suitable platform to develop that.
There is a such thing as a [ sublime - project ] ( http : / / www . sublimetext . com / docs / 3 / projects . html ) file which you could check into Version control , but it seems it could be overridden by Syntax specific settings per the [ settings doc ] ( http : / / www . sublimetext . com / docs / 3 / settings . html ) , and people would likely have to use the project file to get the benefit . [ This blog ] ( http : / / net . tutsplus . com / tutorials / tools - and - tips / sublime - text - 2 - project - bliss / ) is also interesting and applicable . 
You will have to come up with a different approach if you expect to make it configurable after deployment.
I always tend to forget these built-in symfony functions for making links.
Also if someone could please let me know if my question is hard to understand , I will re - state . This is incredibly frustrating ... suddenly my Stylus files are not compiling at all , and I have not changed any code . 
When all of the bugs from previous patches get merged into the main tree, we lose the "who did what" information. I think it is a shortcoming of TFS for sure. Too many bug fix comments hurt in the long term - people are then afraid to touch stuff.
If I start a process with exec ( ) , how can I later terminate that process , with say pressing / sending the " q " key . Instead of using , you could look at using , which requires that you pass in an array specifying three -- one for , one for and one for . This will let you easily feed input into the program while processing output , without blocking just waiting for it to execute . You can later use to viciously murder it , if needed . 
This would be easiest with a - no need to be scared, it's just a box!
When you call "su" you're creating a new process that runs that command, so after running exec("su") you have a new process with SU rights. You can't give your already running application SU rights I'm afraid! I'm not sure how other applications do this, but you can run "su -l ls /data" and then read from the outputstream of the process.
love this game it is wonderful game i want cake shop also on google play store
jars within lib / folder to your classpath.
The guy on our team that was going to do this was swamped, so I re-assigned this to you.
I would be extremely shocked if this was possible.
You should use BoxedAppPacker or BoxedApp SDK. It must help.
I know this is an old thread but still , I ' d like to share one more tool which I find extremely helpful and user - friendly : This is an online tool that will get you up and running in no time . It also features a variety of pretty nice layouts out of the box . Here are two for example : 
I'm trying to bake my controllers but I keep getting the following error: It's making me frightfully sad, has anyone ever come across this?
i really love the idea of it as i can create a folder for my user control , and make sub folder images , css , and put local resource file , so the whole thing is contained in one folder , and that makes it really efficient for me ( management wise ) . but the bugger is you cant get intellisence global resource , so is it possible in any way ? 
Is it possible to hide .svn files in the Open Resource dialog (Ctrl + Shift + R) of Eclipse? It's very annoying when you have hundreds of files... Cheers.
This half-reuse is more confusing for new devs who see this code for the first time.
Sorry, I see that you say the same, Mike :)
Hate ghost comments! :(
love it! the payout is awesome and keeps me entertained for hours!
I don ' t think there is a native way to do this ( ) . But you can do it naively ( this will be efficient , but is a pain to write ! ) : 
Cool, thanks Daniel, we're actually cool with either updating it to e9ff8c4928 or flipping the write bit and we'll push the delta ourselves - whatever's the fastest to get to writeable:) Thanks, --tim
Comments should be not since we don't want this code to be shown to the user
Excellent! I'll add it as an answer so you can close the question properly. Glad I could help.
Stu Nicholls's site has a lot of examples of how to do this without javascript. It's a really excellent resource.
Thanks for doing that Uma.
Yes, I'm afraid so. Do you happen to have a "Hello world" haproxy conf that captures a cookie, and an example request that triggers it?
Probably the date format does not match the string and `dateFromString` is `nil`. - Single-stepping in the debugger (and inspecting the variables) can be extremely helpful!
To register the bean, try calling: CODE_FRAGMENT and pass a CODE_FRAGMENT you filled.
Sorry, I thought issue (and provided patch) were about cocoon-servlet-service-impl, used by either C2.2 and C3 but only now I see that instead they are related to cocoon-servlet-service-components (C2.2 only).
Is there a configuration for Jackson/Spring that I am missing?
I am working in VB.net and have a Class, Foo, that implements an interface, IBar. I have a List of Foo's, but I need to pass a list of IBar's into a function, but I keep getting casting errors, even when I use DirectCast. My code is In both Main and Main2 I get MainWorks works, but it would be really annoying and inefficient to have to do that everywhere I want to call this function.
API_NAME updates this property when you call `API_NAME 'method.
Makes sense, and it's very similiar to what I am doing. One ant task for stage and one for production, and just using the defaults for local development. But pain arises from mainting 3 different applicationcontexts which have almost identical content..
Great link! Thanks. I might use this document if we move over to C++ in our robots.
That's where I'm using the extra switch, yes.
samsung galaxy s3 freezes while loading. haven't even played a mission
To make it work with zeros just add: while (num >>= 1 && num)
That's what I meant. He needn't worry about the response being returned....you are correct about the HTTP Proxy.
Depending on what you need to accomplish, there might be better / other ways to achieve that.
Oh ! Excellent ! ! Worked a charm ! 
I drew a circle using this code: how can i write a or event for this circle?
Is this seriously the only way to modify the default template? This seems absolutely terrible.
We are now 2 years after migrating to TFS. Just upgraded to 2013. The team absolutely love it and can't even think about the old svn days!
Here ' s the current code I am using . The above code works perfect in making vertical ( top to bottom ) gradients but I ' d like to be able to make horizontal ones as well . I have a very good understanding for PHP , but I don ' t deal with PHP image functions very often . If someone can help me and figure this out I ' d really appreciate it ! 
this is for facial recognition, and auto submitting username and passwords in your browser, if you are in front of your PC. nothing malicious bout that ?!?
I love you dude ! :) Saved me a lot of time.
Can you provide a use case of what you are trying to achive?
I am running VS 2012. Working on a project that is stored on a mapped network drive. Whenever I go to close the solution it takes several minutes (5-7) for Visual Studio to close. It does eventually close, but very painful waiting for it to finish. Anyone have any suggestions on how to fix?
Try this: If you really hate subqueries, you can use: But in this case Student table have to contain unique entries for one student entity.
Is there any simple way to test that an installation of report viewer redistributable 2008 is working properly? I've been tasked with making sure this piece of software is functioning correctly, but given no further instructions. How would I go about testing this? .NET tools aren't what I've normally used, so I'm at a complete loss here!
? so far this one is a really fun im loving it
@ DaveBish , What an excellent tool ! I will be using this ALOT in future ! : - ) 
Thats sweet that you have the prior experience hacking this on top of a store already.
I want to programatically detect if my site is within the Facebook iFrame app so I can display certain features specifically for Facebook. Otherwise if someone goes site without Facebook. Preferably an FBML, C# or JS solution would be great :) Thx!
Assuming I have only the class name of a generic as a string in the form of "MyCustomGenericCollection(of MyCustomObjectClass)" and don't know the assembly it comes from, what is the easiest way to create an instance of that object? If it helps, I know that the class implements IMyCustomInterface and is from an assembly loaded into the current AppDomain. Markus Olsson gave an excellent example , but I don't see how to apply it to generics.
Get at that with Firebug and you'll notice something about the classes of the generated dialog - ui-widget and/or ui-state are completely absent, but those are the classes that ThemeRoller uses to color UI elements! Is there some sort of ThemeRoller-compliant dialog generator, or even a script to hack the right display classes into a dialog after the fact? Or, since I'm not intending to let my users edit their own themes, do I just have to do the bit of CSS hackery that the jQuery people apparently did , putting color information into ui.dialog.css?
So you must change the signature of your method to.
Use java dom api or sax for xml parsing. Give more concrete xml structure.
Unfortunately if you want to make this an open API , many people will be unable to use Content - Type headers . The sad reality is that you usually need to allow some hacks , even if you permit the standardized way too . 
I would guess it is doing basic sanity checking ( i . e . should anything have changed ) - to prevent unexpected source code changes ( I hate it when opening a file can cause side - effects - I ' m looking at you , DBML ! ) . On a side note , to force serialization generally ( I don ' t think it will apply due to the above ) : the and are a convention used by the framework . 
Nearly everything coming out of Redmond draws their menus differently then plain Win32 menus. It really annoys me that this never makes into the OS. OS-level Windows menus are so far out of date that drawing them yourself is nearly a requirement these days.
I have created a class to dynamically put together SQL function statements within a project . I have found this class to be pretty useful and would like to incorporate into future projects namespace connectionClass { } I want to be able to dynamically input the project name without having to do it myself for every different class ! the connection string will be defined within the properties settings in VS . Any help would be greatly appreciated : ) 
Nothing. Regex is something I have to learn. Javascript.. I hate it!
I kept the batch file as a resource in the source directory.
Indeed your question is an easy one , so I answer your question with some additional points that I think help you more than the answer itself : First , this is the code : Notes : Please1 - don ' t a simple problem a real hard one ! if it ' s a hw you can convince the tutor about defining the string delimited with something " , " ( if he / she insists ) or whatever , and if this is a real project convince the customer , you don ' t want to torture yourself ! 2 - you said you want to split the string into a 4 x 4 matrix , what if you want a 5x5 matrix ? So take advantage of constants , and the same for the delimiter Hope these help . 
A colleague recently asked me how to deep-clone a Map and I realized that I probably have never used the clone() method- which worries me. What are the most common scenarios you have found where you need to clone an object?
Very scary! O_O
Absolutely awesome , alexn ! I knew I had forgotten about something important . It works a charm . 
a way to get FILE_NAME type, thread group or maybe just the priority of the interrupting.
That's really an excellent post, thanks for pointing that out!
Linked lists have operations which a FIFO queue does not ( enumerate the list , remove items from the middle , etc ) . So personally , I ' d fear that if a list is used as a queue without encapsulation , then in future some fool ( probably me ) will fail to observe the FIFO constraint . 
I agree with PW. OPAL is an excellent choice. It supports audio and video devices It compiles on windows, linux, and a few others Also - I recommend using the SIP protocol (as opposed to H323) - You don't need to use Ekiga. Ekiga is a front-end to OPAL. You can take a look at the OPAL samples, and build up from those.
? guns by calford is better
I did some modification and in the end it was working, but it does not support odata functionallity ( queries like $filter, $oderby,... ) and for each request I need a new instance.
Nice work !! Loved it.
No, unless there's a relevant IE zero day. Obviously, this would be a huge abuse of user privacy (if you want their name, ask them!).
iffy nice clean app but sometimes it works and other times it doesn't.  my os just updated and now it freezes all the time so i had to uninstall.
Check out Bruce Dunwiddie's excellent class. It provides really excellent information in the exception messages when you have this kind of mapping issue.
excellent calculator this is an excellent floating calculator  in spite of some (minor) shortcomings. it has all the features that one would want in a small calculator that can be used while one is using other apps. the lack of memory functions is easily overcome with the use of parentheses  and with these  the copy function is more than adequate for most purposes. one useful feature which it does not have at the moment  is the ability to paste/insert data copied from  say  a text file. this would make it possible to use earier results stored in a text file. nevertheless  this is an excellent app  and the developer should be congratulated for a job well done  and for generously making it available a no cost.
It's always a balance: - too much TDD and you end up with code that works, but is a pain to work on. - too much 'maintable code, clean design, and sound architecture' and you end up with that have talked themselves into coding paralysis Moderation in all things.
Update way later: there's actually a built in function to get the current user. I think it's in nativeApplication.
Blimey - I hate XML Namespaces!
Regarding selling agile, one angle of approach is proposing agile techniques as a way of reducing the "project crunch". By this I mean the overwhelming list of deferred issues, "99% complete" code and oversights that accumulate towards the end of the project. This normally causes a lot of stress and compromises in order to meet the deadline. If a development organisation has never experienced project crunch, it would be a big surprise to me. Therefore I think this is a neat way of locking into a some shared pain and suggesting agile techniques as a load-levelling technique should provoke some interest that can lead onto a more complete discussion of the methodology(s).
Use . Example shown in this question:
How do I create a self signed SSL certificate for an Apache Server to use while testing a web app?
To allow your programs to work without re-compiling, run your app as.
This is correct. It can turn out to be quite a pain!
? it's a good game but it freezes alot on my phone be careful
You already have a great answer, but I wanted to give you a resource so you don't actually have to install IE8. You can use this site to test IE6-9, FF2-4, Chrome 5-6, Safari 3-5, and Opera 9-10. It's a really excellent tool!
I used for a medium sized project, and loved it. It's incredibly feature-rich, has pretty good documentation, and an amazingly good support forum -- it's one of those ones where you ask a question, and a guy who works for the company that produces the software almost invariably answers it within a few hours. I used it with PHP and MySQL, but as far as I know it works with ASP.NET as well.
No communications. Just trying to get one to run the other, passing it a few params. They are both installed to the same directory under Program Files and access files under app data.
In that agent I can get an inputstream on the font file using this code.
What happens if a thread has been executed same time more than once.
false && false == false I'm afraid that you would need to make that the negation of an XOR in order to make it correct.
I am using batik library to create pdf document from svg file.
Ok, now it is 2014 and you should never use `eval` in order to parse a JSON string because you would be exposing your code to "code injection". Use `JSON.parse(yourString)` instead.
However, I'd suggest using a graph visualization library like JUNG etc..
Sorry I didn't use your patch, but I think you' ll alike the end result.
I hope none of my bugs end up in wikipedia!
On Win with MSVC there's but it's really horrible and you don't want to use it if you can possibly avoid it. Better to say that there are no exceptions.
Any of the 5 options listed there should work just fine though.
I am trying to figure out why foundation is acting differently to expected behaviour. If you look at the Kitchen Sink page for foundation, the default styles for secondary buttons hover affect is different to what I get if I set foundation up in rails. Note these images are from my rails application Image 1 - look at the '.tiny.secondary' button - no hover Image 2 - look at the '.tiny.secondary' button - with hover However on the page for foundation the color does not transition to the primary colour of the site. It transitions to a darker shade of grey. Have I missed some setting? Really frustrating me! I am guessing this is a bug in foundation
PS - If you have a 500 on your own server your server logs should be absolutely screaming about it.
I am about to alter the several tables in a massive system which I probably only understand around 10%. I want to add three columns. One of these is just a rename of an existing column. Part of me wants to :- Rename the column but worried about the impact on unknown parts of the system that use the old name. Append the three columns to the table therefore making the old column redundant (over time).
I am Having a xml file with around 60 to 70 tags. while calling the callbacks method of SAX Parsers startElement,endElement,characters the excessive use of if else makes code extremely painful.Are there any other way through which i can make my code more readable?
+1 The perfect enhancement for remote du -sh ing! Love this tool, super fast usage and deleting workflows as well!
resource error. won't complete the d/l. it just freezes every time i open it
...Sometimes this piece of code [..] returns the same number (and sometimes it works fine)... So it works randomly??? :) :) :) Ok, ok, downvote me now!!
only 4 stars i love this app. i am able to save all of my pdf and epub documents. i only have it 4 stars because when in night mode is it very sensitive and if touched wrong the entire screen will turn the lettering black and i have to re-install the app. please work on brightness feature.
There is a good example showing how to put a file onto WebDAV server.
But, even if it wasn't it would be totally worthless where it is at.
What I would like to do, take any random XML, and create object which will contain timestamps, integers, strings as well maps, basically it would be all decomposed based on the XML structure.
what about 3rd question?( When is it appropriate and when not?)
Too awesome! This actually answered an unasked question of mine, how to stop people from cutting off others in my corporate meeting.
I have an image and on it are logos ( it ' s a map ) , I want to have a little box popup with information about that logo ' s location when the user moves their mouse over said logo . Can I do this without using a javascript framework and if so , are there any small libraries / scripts that will let me do such a thing ? 
excellent you can change your car s  it's easy to park it self
Important is that you use the right names for packages.
No worries just making sure that you had solved it!
Have you tried logging the uninstall to see what is happening?
I have a basic app written with ATL, using the wizard with VS2008. I have a treeview in the left side of the app. I see how to (painfully) add tree items. Question is how do I show a menu when the mouse is right clicked? How do I trap any click events on each item that could be selected?
I ' ve searched this and cannot find it . I ' ve tried different plugins and different browsers ( Firefox , Opera , and Chrome ) . I ' ve tried most of the no flash plugins for each of those as well as disabling Flash plugins / addons in the settings . I also renamed the file in i found by searching the system . when i renamed it , makes Firefox and Chrome ask to install Flash , but still : returns : I ' m not sure what else to try without uninstalling Flash , but that will be a total pain in the ass for this . I also REALLY don ' t want to use SWFObject just to see if Flash is at all installed which I can do simply with : Any ideas ? 
In SQL Server 2008, how many clustered indexes there can be in one table?
Yes, you need two view controllers. Check out lesson 7 from Stanfords CS193P iPhone Application Programming course. It is available online. Both slides and the lecture through iTunes U. I really enjoyed watching the course!
Simply use . It will point out all your memory allocation mistakes with excruciating preciseness . 
I tend to have just 1 file , but don ' t upload the web . config when I update the site - maybe this is bad practice , but I think its what Microsoft intend you to do . Can be a bit of a pain though if you ( or a new team member ) accidentlly upload it ... 
Programming Student here ... trying to work on a project but I ' m stuck . The project is trying to find the miles per gallon per trip then at the end outputting total miles and total gallons used and averaging miles per gallon How do I loop back up to the first question after the first set of questions has been asked . Also how will I average the trips ... will I have to have a variable for each of the trips ? I ' m stuck , any help would be great ! 
i am making application that have scroll listener that add data from multiple URL.
I need from document object or from a DOM element (i.e. a DIV) to know which is its window object. In Firefox I can do: but obviously in that AWFUL browser that statement not work!!!
I have a requirement to modify the templates at rumtime.
I'm using FOSOAuthBundle with FOSUserBundle for an API which is used by mobile apps etc. I'm trying to access some user profile information using the access token to find the users details, however the user_id isn't being set. Further info, I was following the tutorial in your documentation. Here's my security: Here's my config settings for UserBundle and oAuthBundle: I was following this guide: Any help or point in the right direction, would be hugely appreciated!
Call Java Oracle Functions From Java program and see the Java CallableStatement API.
Choose an appropriate locale ( or leave out the two locale arguments to use the computer's defaut ).
I've been using a custom function for some time now to prevent clickjacking on certain sites. However, I've been surprised to find there's not a lot out there about how to do this 'idiomatically' using the various popular JavaScript frameworks. Are there users of jQuery, Dojo, YUI, and/or ExtJS that have used their framework to implement clickjacking protection? I'd love to see examples!
The best resource I've found about web security with ASP.NET is the below, written by Troy Hunt: Absolutely priceless! He even made an ebook out of it that you can download as a pdf:
leppie, those are great news! I am looking forward to try out IronScheme!
I know this is an old thread. But, posting here anyway. Check out this pdc session :
Is there a way to set "work offline" in TFS without having to try opening a solution, waiting for it to time out, and then having Visual Studio work out that it has failed? It seems a touch ridiculous that I can't just tick a box to tell it myself, seeing as I'm probably the one most qualified to know when I'm not in the office!
Just wondering; do you hate the string variable type?
I've noticed this lag time also. Its really annoying when you go to /usr/bin to tell firefox what app to use to open a file and it lags for 10 seconds.
@RogerRowland: Everything else works. All my apps, including VS, and my other dev projects. So I'm really afraid to break all of them.
I ' ve just stumbled onto this one there you will find a couple of REALLY GREAT templates ! ! ! 
You can ' t use multiple colors on an icon font , so what you ask isn ' t possible . You could use a partial background fill , but that doesn ' t seem very desirable . If you switch to you would at least have access to symbols . 
can someone help me how to do this with a piece of code.
Would one be violating the the terms of agreement with Google App Engine if one were to use Amazon's S3 service with Google App Engine? I do know there is restrictions on what you can and can't do but I was not sure of this. Having these two combined features, one could provide one heck of a system at a relatively low cost compared to hosting this with a hosting company. Has anyone done this already or have heard of an application that combines the two technologies?
This is sad. 2010 and VCPROJ files have to be maintained by hand so the revision control system doesn't whack it out.
Please do have a look at django-rest-framework, I just stepped over from tastypie to this new framework, works great! Especially the class based views and the browsable api! and many other advantages (e..g. to upload images)
what's their max baudrate for communicating with USB converters? I looked on their website, it says 230400 but I may have misread something. (230Kbaud's not enough for my application)
I ' m trying to decode the result of the Python os . wait ( ) function . This returns , according to the Python docs : a tuple containing its pid and exit status indication : a 16 - bit number , whose low byte is the signal number that killed the process , and whose high byte is the exit status ( if the signal number is zero ) ; the high bit of the low byte is set if a core file was produced . How do I decode the exit status indication ( which is an integer ) to obtain the high and low byte ? To be specific , how do I implement the decode function used in the following code snippet : 
I've attached a font (.
Excellent explanation! +1 for you Sir
Does input order for a SM 4.0 vertex shader matter? e.g. is equivalent to
I'm working with an incorrectly built spring application. Rather than use IOC, objects that require references are pulling their references from the context: Putting aside the non-IOC design, what are the other detrimental effects of this? For example, does this have any particular performance implications? Is there any way that this could result in the creation of additional contexts or object references? Anything else really unpleasant that this could cause?
No you can't do that. MySQL doesn't know how to handle PHP scripts.
I would continue running in the background and set an ( called by the os when you app is REALLY killed ) and there use 
Any pointer why this keeps happening.
I absolutely hate that this exists, but there it is:
I have set up the gravatar RoR plugin successfully (yeah!) but when someone does NOT have a gravatar account, I want it to display the identicon, which I guess shows up when d=identicon in the gravatar URL...but since I am using the plugin, I am basically saying gravatar_for (user) so...is there a way to add that value? Thanks!
won't load on s3 like everyone else game freezes when trying to load a mission. so they updated the app and now the new version isn't compatible with my phone.  bah puh!
How can I get an array of pointers pointing to objects (classes) ? I need to dynamically allocate space for them and the length of array isn't determined until run-time. Can any one explain and tell me how to define it? and possibly explain them how it works, would be really nice :)
I start a new Thread for handling each remote object.
@SamDeHaan, you are correct! transposed them as i was writing.
I am writing a WsCF service to retrieve data for multiple clients. I have a service layer that references business manager objects. In essence on the service call, I want to retrieve the provider type (a custom enum in my code) and the connection string from the web.config. For some reason, the code is unable to find the settings in my project web.config. I am gathering the IIS Express AND the VS development web server are referencing the machine.config. How do I override this. It is extremely frustrating. As you can see from the snippet the setting AND the connection string name exist, but the code never picks it up. My code: Private Sub GetDBInformation() The web.config:
similar question: [How to scroll to end of System.Windows.Forms.WebBrowser?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/990651/how-to-scroll-to-end-of-system-windows-forms-webbrowser)
If you can change the code it helps to use CODE_FRAGMENT ( with no host parameter or with a connected socket ).
I was getting the same error when I tried to submit a version update from the Organizer. What solved my issue was using the Application Loader found in the directory /Developer/Applications/Utilities. You'll need to compress your .app file and send the corresponding .zip file. I used this for my initial submission as well, I just thought I'd try the new way. What a pain! Go with Application Loader.
They appear to have foresight about what the Map contains.
So only workaround which works for me is to add this js to template of my site..But its really awful solution, since I only need it in one article/module
features and new color theme awful. i really hate the new android color  or lack thereof. the blue was fine  and i'm pretty upset you guys got rid of it. bring back the blue  and the punctuation on long-pressing the period! and why is the keyboard shrinking when i switch to symbols?!
You can use Gson library ( or any other ) to parse the json object FILE_NAME object.
*I really love your project, It is really amazing!* Are you directly asking to BalusC?
Someone, but I'm not sure who, owes me a public apology here.  /Larry  
Great ! I Will take a look later . Cheers . 
can I replace my entire windows vista with ubuntu and is it free? I really hate vista
Every time I download the ZIP file it is corrupted!
Guess I'll be trying to find a creative workaround in the meantime... The proximate cause of the failure is that there are more than 5 levels of subdirectories under.
While Java can read JARs and treat them just as the normal file system, most other applications can not.
Another option would be to make sure the D3D surface is the same size as the client rectangle size (). Then you know you'll render to the appropriate size and not have to worry at all about the width of menus, borders, etc.
My understanding is that APPLET is deprecated and OBJECT is the preferred tag to use for Java applets . Is this correct ? A lot of Java applet examples , both on the web and in books , still seem to use the APPLET tag . Are there any browser compatibility issues that OBJECT suffers from ( compared to APPLET ) ? Also , can you provide an example of proper OBJECT tag usage for Java applets ? 
Vineet, what you are trying to do is a terrible idea! If you ever find yourself having to engineer something as fundamental as that, take a step back and work out what else does it! I don't really believe in the whole spoon fed SO thing, but what mtwebster says is on the right track!
Ran into this myself. Very annoying limitation IMO.
In python ' s the following minimal working example below draws correctly to the screen , and to the . In the resulting however , the edge lines are still drawn . How can I fix this ? PNG result PDF result While it seems trivial , it becomes extremely problematic when you stack 200 plots , all you see is an ugly mess of black ! 
In general , how expensive is locking in Java ? Specifically in my case : I have a multi - threaded app in which there is one main loop that takes objects off a DelayQueue and processes them ( using poll ( ) ) . At some point a different thread will have to remove errant elements from the queue ( using remove ( ) ) . Given that the remove ( ) is relatively uncommon , I am worried that locking on each poll ( ) will result in slow code . Are my worries justified ? 
You can use the imageInsets property to move the frame of the icon.
You could use FindWindow to get the HWND of the window, then use the BringWindowToTop function found in the Win32 API.
Matt - can you revue the accepted answer. You have to scroll a long way to get to a [pure javascript answer](http://stackoverflow.com/a/5686237/360211) and I fear some users just take the accepted answer as gospel and use antiquated libraries as a result.
Spring AOP provides an option on proxy via FILE_NAME @EnableAspectJAutoProxy ( proxyTargetClass = true ).
You should really check out this plugin: I have been using it for about 10 sites and it's really great! Since the latest update it's posible to export your custom fields to a PHP file which you can include your functions.php
I am using some PHP script to add some data from a complex form to MySQL db and then showing it all in some HTML table . Everything works just fine , but I would like to ' upgrade ' my script with jQuery and ( I suppose ) AJAX . What I would like to do is when user submits data , the row ( or ) shows up in the HTML table without refreshing a page . Form and table are on same page , of course ... Some guidelines would be really helpful because I ' m not sure should I even use AJAX or something else for my needs . Links for some tutorials will be also great : ) Thanks a lot for any help ! 
But is there a way to have Netbeans automatically connect with API_NAME and retrieve these files?
Excellent, thanks for reporting back!
if all you have is the GUID, how would you know which table it came from?
I am writing an application which uses the Microsoft.Office.Interop.Excel assembly to export/import data from Excel spreadsheets. Everything was going fine (except for 1 based indexing and all those optional parameters!), until I tried to use conditional formatting. When I call Range.FormatConditions.Add I get a MissingMethodException telling me that no such method exists. This happens in both Vista and XP. Here's an example of the code that generates the exception:
i get it! i guess you are right
Instead of J#, I would rather prefer IKVM () to convert my JARs to .NET assemblies as well as access Java APIs in C#.
I've set up Windsor to use constructor parameter names to map to a config file settings by convention. When a parameter is missing, it throws a very frightening : I want it to instead throw the following error: How can I do this?
Checkout the following links help you
Also, make sure the mouse is using VMware drivers. Sometimes it reverts to general PS/2 drivers, which can cause very irritating lag.
Use Type 4 Driver - Database-Protocol Driver ( Pure Java Driver ) as it is 100% pure Java.
@IgnacioOcampo, I gave up after a while I am afraid :(
Your best bet is probably TcpClient. There's a great sample that does exactly what you're doing right in the .NET Documentation here: Good luck to you!
I suggest you to use.
First off , 16 * 16 * 3 * 3 = 2304 - quite modest really . At this size I ' d be more worried about the confusion likely to be caused by a 4D array than the size it is taking ! As others have said , if it fully populated , arrays are ok . If it has gaps , an ArrayList or similar would be better . If the Strings are just IDs , why not store an enum ( or even Integers ) instead of a string ? 
We're looking for a package to help identify and automatically rotate faxed TIFF images based on a watermark or logo. We use libtiff for rotation currently, but don't know of any other libraries or packages I can use for detecting this logo and determining how to rotate the images. I have done some basic work with OpenCV but I'm not sure that it is the right tool for this job. I would prefer to use C/C++ but Java, Perl, or PHP would be acceptable too.
So I first tried to compile the sweet-alert-dialog project and I found out that I need to first somehow include the materialish-progress.
I have this regex And i really need it in a vba version for words .find method (don't need the matching-groups), here is what i have so far But i cant get the last part to work, here I'm talking about I really hope someone can help me, as regex in this case is not an option (Although i know i can use regex in VBA!) Cheers
Have you tried removing 'preload' attribute? (Afraid I can't be much help otherwise!)
the most comprehensive  but flawed. i've tried lots of other options. none offer as good a selection of routing options and rerouting while driving.  had lots of issues with bugs from the start and used premium since the day of release. it has got better but still freezes occasionally  requiring task manager shut down.  this has been the same on every touchwiz rom on an s ii  note and note ii. funnily enough  not on aosp roms.
This might prove to be useful unbescape.
I also fail to get webgl to work on mac osx. Really frustrating! osx 10.9 mac book pro
@Gabriele No worries! Glad to have helped :)
Did you end up using an md5 as your primary key? How did it go?
Thanks. First method is really great!
Oh God, I remember this, it was absolutely horrible. Worse, I can't remember how to fix it offhand.
In addition to the great LINQ-implementation of Dean, I had fun wrapping the code into an extension for DependencyObjects: This makes it extremely nice considering reuseablity.
You have to add FILE_NAME file using eclipse's interface.
I ' m working on a Data Warehouse which , in the end , will require me to create reports based on business hours . Currently , my time dimension is granular to the hour . I ' m wondering if I should be modifying my Time dimension to include a bit field for " business hour " or should I be creating some sort of calculated measure for it on the analysis end ? Any examples would be super magnificent ? 
I use following code for displaying three simple rollover images over one main background image . The code works absolutely fine with Chrome , but unluckily not with Mozilla ! I hope , somebody might have an idea to improve my lines ! Thank you already very much ! 
I have a generator and I would like to know if I can use it without having to worry about StopIteration , and I would like to use it without the . I would like to use it with a while statement for example ( or other constructs ) . How could I do that ? 
I am writing a webPage using asp . net and c # . I want to divide my webpage into 2 columns such as in one I will have buttons that change the view in the other column , without " stepping on " the content of the first column . example : button 1 | : ) a picture ... button 2 | I tried to use divisions but I think I ' m not using them properly . any help would be great ! thanks ! ! ! 
yala is an app for dowloading  and listening to arabic music and radio the idea and concept is amazing but it has so many bugs with lots of songs at times and it messes up my music when it connects to some random wifi. please stop and fix this.
is it not by default ? if yes , then it is really horrible...
I answered the same question . Best of luck ! As you will see , I like the tools . 
This will answer your question : Good luck ! 
Have you tried: I've also seen samples that in the markup for the media display layout file they specify an element such as: Good Luck!
Horrible discovering !!!!
@Dennis I edited my answer. I really hate IE!
Here's a knocked up utility to prove the point.
Session scope population can be done ( ideally using a CODE_FRAGMENT ) using.
reload() does not work. "Reloading" is usually implemented by forking. Implementing "real" reload() is extremely difficult and even the most serious attempt, isn't perfect.
I think the comments here are a bad sign... I sent us down an unfortunate slippery slope. we are a search engine library! don't put shit in the index directory! or we will delete your shit. dead simple."
great app and up to date articles yahoo!
What are you trying to sort? Is there any reason not to use: I'm sure this uses QuickSort and you don't have to worry about making any coding errors. You can implement IComparable to change what you want to sort on. If all your data doesn't fit in memory... well the you're off to the races with Merge sort or something along those lines.
Imagine your dependencies where stored in a CODE_FRAGMENT folder outside your CODE_FRAGMENT.
 I used to be the latter, but then I went to law school and got a degree in this shit. 
XCode 5.0 Console Not Showing After Exiting App and Reopening. I put a simple NSLog in the next screen that I push to and there is no logging of it in my console. This makes it a pain to debug! I segue from one screen to a tabbar controller, if that helps? Has anyone encountered this issue?
After reading I was horrified! Isn't there a tool out there that can inspect a .h/.cpp file and deduce what dependencies could be waivered?
Just a note. You don't need a plugin to do this in Firefox. It's built in.
I am using Hibernate for my persistence layer . And if I send a web request which asks for some database data to be displayed on the webpage For the first one or two times , the server responds rightly and data are retrieved and displayed . However , when the same request is sent repeatedly ( Just by refreshing the browser by hand to resend the request ) , Hibernate will not respond anything . And it is choked there ! Also the log message stays at the " opening hibernate session " line ( shown by SessionFactoryUtils class in Spring ) Any solution ? ? 
Is there a way to have mod_wsgi reload all modules (maybe in a particular directory) on each load? While working on the code, it's very annoying to restart apache every time something is changed. The only option I've found so far is to put below every import.. but that's also really annoying since it means I'm going to have to go through and remove them all at a later date..
if the 2 structures variable are initialied with calloc or they are set with 0 by memset so you can compare your 2 structures with memcmp and there is no worry about structure garbage and this will allow you to earn time 
If you ' re really worried about the if statement , you have a Stateful object . This class delegates the work to a object which is either a or a object . The object will actually load . The will not load . Note that there are no if - statements . 
If you're really worried about this, Java is not the language for you
I started wondering today if it would be possible to integrate Joomla+CB with Google apps. If that would be possible we could have one great product! The first thing that I would want to integrate is the logon-process, one login for Joomla+Google apps. Then it would be great to have some Google apps modules: - your latest e-mails - your next calendar entries - your google talk buddies online/offline - your most recent docs and spreadsheets
If this is true that's excellent news! I'll give it a try next app update...
No upvotes? I'll give you the first one!! Excellent domain issue regarding these kind of apps!
So in order to instantiate ChromeDriver, you need to.
Also be aware that as a programming language TeX is most awful, the worst language in real use I've come across.
Since you ' re testing legacy code I ' m assuming you can ' t refactor said code to have less dependencies ( e . g . by using the ) That leaves you with little options I ' m afraid . Every header that was included for a type or function will need a mock object for that type or function for everything to compile , there ' s little you can do ... 
The problem is that "Hello World" is a terrible example to use with TDD. You really need something that generates variable output based on variable input.
Wow, it's alike Thrift is going out of their way to make life suck for us this month.
Great chart! Good find.
will a thread sleeping for a long time get killed cleanly when your app is told to exit ( if the exit occurs before the time happens ) ? 
You could flatten that hierarchy down to: or.. It'd make life a bit less painful doing XPath queries. I also added an id attribute so you can uniquely identify an activity.
return 3,00. It should be 3,46
Can anyone help me to delete row of plist. here is , is , is and is . Any help would be extremely appreciated :)
Are you saying Segoe UI is your windows font?
Awesome, awesome answer. Thank you very much.
CharSequences can also be a lot more efficient to manipulate - subsequences can be defined as views ( pointers ) onto the original content for example, instead of copying.
good app i found the app is very good for forecast. i like it.
@Cocowalla: the finalizer should dispose the unmanaged mutexes unless it can't know if the mutex was created by the managed app or attached to an existing one.
Not only that, but as the software ages they feel the need to upgrade simply because they know, every time they reference it, that they're using Office 1997, for example. Great for upgrade encouragement! Although even better is a message on the splash screen, "Version 2008 is available now!"
very poor it's a video app that refuses to play videos.
I ' m trying to make a page where the user can input data into four different values in four different text boxes , and the values can be stored by using local storage , and then when the user refreshes the page or opens it in a new tab , those previously entered values are still there . Any advice on how to do this would be really great ! Here ' s the code that I have currently : 
I ' m pretty new to Angular but loving it ! I am trying to create a modal dialog to display a partial view . ui . bootstap . modal has an option which takes the URL to the partial view to be displayed . I have a route configured on my application module that looks this : I would like to show the partial template defined as from the above routes . So in my controller I ' m attempting to open the modal dialog so : The modal dialog opens but the contents are just . Do I need to define the route on the server side or can I use Angular routing to return the partial ? Thanks ! 
? have not tried it out of wireless range yet... otherwise great.
I have wrist pain when I type and I would like to start writing SQL statements , stored procedure , and views using speech recognition . 
@JonHanna Why, then, did he invoke "Hoare's dictum"? Knuth's paper was more about clarity than about optimization. The quote never actually appears in the paper; rather, he wrote "In our previous discussion we concluded that premature emphasis on efficiency is a big mistake which may well be the source of most programming complexity and grief".
I've got a project using Maven 2 as the build tool. I use Netbeans 6 as my IDE and really want to be able to use the profiler. How can I get this to work?
If you are using a PaaS ( like Heroku ), they usually provide a way to setup environment variables using their interface.
great. awesome job sergey!
Secondly reading this code I can see why this bug is happening, after completing stage 2 above when adding the new item the code does "ordered - cancelled = quantity" which equates to "1 - 1 = 0".
Does anyone know how to enable locking on a TreePanel column in ExtJS 4.1.1?
Im trying to work with this awful language and I have to change an item of list by accessing to it with index I dont understand the awful syntax of TCL! How can I realise it?
I'm just going through the same process! I was looking at this page: http://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/jdbc/basics/connecting.html which starts talking about coffee shops! At that point I gave up. You've got to love java/oracle documentation!
Newbie question. Im writing an ASP.Net MVC app in VB.Net and have been using NerdDinner as a sample (which is in C#). Im stuck on the validation process specifically the code found in Models\Dinner.cs . I have tried converting it to VB.Net using but it chokes on the Yield statement which found in the GetRuleViolations method (see code below). So my question is how would you do the equivalent in VB.Net? namespace NerdDinner.Models { }
Would it be possible for you to post the code here? That would be awesome!
A unit test should do the same thing every time that it runs , otherwise you may run into a situation where the unit test only fails occasionally , and that could be a real pain to debug . Try seeding your pseudo - randomizer with the same seed every time ( in the test , that is -- not in production code ) . That way your test will generate the same set of inputs every time . If you can ' t control the seed and there is no way to prevent the function you are testing from being randomized , then I guess you are stuck with an unpredictable unit test . : ( 
And I'm using the following block of code to invoke the service.
I have a series with many null values all over the place on the line . I need the gap between those values to be represented with a dotted - line or whatever ( another color ) . Any help will be very welcome : ) thanks ! 
VBScript as in VBA or an external vbs file run from cscript?
I am learning ML. Can some one please help me out with basic input/output functions in ML?? I just want to read input from console and store it in a variable and use it in my ML program. Please help. If you can point me towards some example for this also it would be super great!!! Thank you.
We ended up rolling our own, similar to Figaro but with support for nested values, multiple files, and placeholders. It's pretty awesome: !
So I came up with what is undoubtedly an extremely ugly solution: I took the Response JS data attributes out of the body tag, and used the Response.create method instead. Then someone suggested I make the plugin calls a function, then call the function after creating the Response data attributes. I have no idea why it works, but it does.
**I HATE GIT !! What a crazy command line syntax**
i have found out that i have to read the error log.
I found the (sad) attempt at a script you asked about and uploaded it to MAPREDUCE-4282.
Paraphrasing Cypher, "StateOf.Confusion is bliss", so... Do all `MapCollection Items` have the same state? If so then have a single `ItemStatus` that every `Item` references. [`Application.Properties`](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.windows.application.properties%28v=vs.110%29.aspx) may be a way to globally communicate visualness.
Thomas Becker (author of the second link above) has a longer article which is excellent: http://www.artima.com/cppsource/type_erasure.html
freezes is an awesome game until the past few days  it freezes after each mission.
I read following codes in Why reverse the latin-1 to utf8 using above logic?
All I'm trying to say is that it's pretty easy to end up in propagation failure hell here or change something else that blows things up for use cases that are not foreseen.
The customer is sleeping while he gets his massage.
change the following to : to Added in the select , also ensure that DATABASE _ TABLE has the column _ id . A cursor adapter will always need an column ! Hope that helps . ! 
The repository description on MVNrepository lists several compile dependencies, including Selenium-Chrome-Driver, Selenium-FirefoSMILE_FACEriver, etc..
What do I need to change about the way I package my app so it can just use the latest Java?
You should prepare your statement only once, outside of the loop, and then bind the parameters in the loop. This is why prepared statements have bind parameters - so you can reuse the prepared statement. Hibernate does exactly this, treating all SQL as a prepared statement behind the scenes, though you can obviously abuse this if you use literal rather than bind parameters.
I would say yes, it was Anders Heljsberg's intent to make the observer pattern a first-class language feature with events in C#, based on his experience with Delphi. Anders makes this and other design intentions clear in an excellent interview on .
Thanks Greg, that looks to be an excellent document to read, I'm printing it now.
I can't believe sql server doesn't have a feature for this..
disapointed this app crashes more than before and the widget is still broken. the built in browser is a burdon with its lack of features. this is a terrible replacement for the original google reader .
@Andremoniy this is an excellent idea! But what if this is legacy code?
Do not touch a Physics-"Body" inside of a TouchEvent. UI-Thread and UpdateThread hate working at the same time!
Why do people use "*nix" instead of just typing "unix"? Are you afraid of a trademark lawsuit?
You just need the to handle the QoS on Linux boxen. However I wouldn't expect that much from it because of the results I obtained and .
The minute you start down the road to control memory is the minute you start making a mistake. If you have REQUIREMENTS for memory, don't use .NET. If you don't have requirements, stop worrying about memory. .NET manages memory better than you ever could. Stop it. Leave it alone. No. Bad. Stop.
Ah, damn, I thought it was fixed :/ Guillaume ?"
I love a solution that's simpler and easier to understand than the original.
Im not sure what they're called but im referring to the keywords in c++. Is there an equivalent in c#? It seems rather tedious having to repeat yourself! ala
Has anyone seen a wordpress plugin slider that will show partially the next and previous image before it slides in ? OR does anyone know of one that may be easily customized to show that effect ? any demos , guidance or links will be extremely helpful ! Thanks very much in advance ! Michael 
Addendum: CODE_FRAGMENT is useful for managing lengthy background tasks while displaying interim progress.
i love this casino i play everyday. so please download  its fun and exciting
So for my text parsing in C# , I got directed at YAML. I'm hitting a wall with this library I was recommended, so this is a quickie. And so on. Is that valid?
I have a fairly large codebase with several directories and files and I would like to check out a view or have a view as of a given date ( Septermber 12th ) . I am manually checking file histories and doing and this is extremely painful . I wonder if there is a way to do a checkout and load everything as of a particular day at once ? 
I'm sure this could be of some great help for you : Hope this helps !
I have a virtual machine running windows 2003 server running MOSS 2007 . This virtual machine is not being run on my dev machine , but on a different machine on the network . I can ping both the host and guest OS from my dev machine . I just need to know , if it is possible , how to configure visual studio 2008 to deploy the web parts / projects / etc to the remote VM when I do this : Any input will be greatly appreciated ! Thanks . 
If you are not forced to use a particular compiler I suggest to use Qt and in the new 5.3 version you will find a class dedicated to serial ports : The code you will write will run on all supprited Qt platforms , at least those that have serial ports . 
I am looking to create my own gestures for my iPad app. I know this can be done but don't know where to start. I read that there is some sample code that can store your custom gestures so you can re use them. Think it was as ajson I'm looking to draw numbers as custom gestures but any sample code/tutorial where I can get an idea where to start I would be very great full! Thanks ahead.
Yep . I gave up actively deleting stuff off my hard drive a long time ago . Just with gmail , with decent search it ' s easier to just archive everything rather than worry about sorting , filing , and deleting it . 
Awesome! Thanks.
I really hate this option. I am looking at managing this by GPO in my org.
The class in Java has only two data members , a reference to an array and a size   which you need anyway if you don ' t use an . So the only advantage to not using an is saving one object allocation , which is unlikely ever to be a big deal . If you ' re creating and disposing of many , many instances of your container class ( and by extension your instance ) every second , you might have a slight problem with garbage collection churn   but that ' s something to worry about if it ever occurs . Garbage collection is typically the least of your worries . 
? motorola devour. becoming more and more sure this game freezes my phones? very fun game though? it is a challenge  and addictive?
I'm having an extremely frustrating error trying to code a simple encryption program on Python 2.7. Basically its rejecting on if/else statement by saying my syntax is invalid, and I have no idea what I did wrong. The : in the if input =="1": statement is what Python highlights as incorrect.
like minecraft pe. has good graphics
I didn't do that because that seems bad in hive, so I returned "null" from the operation.
great thanks! serverfault.com - the new server admin equivalent of stackoverflow!
I am fed up having to turn them on every time I open the application.
I just installed AndroidStudio in my System I am trying to create my Very First Project . I set up JAVA_HOME and Android SDK path that has been used previuosly by eclipse in Android Studio Android SDK has the below versions for Tools and Platform Android SDK Tools - 22.6.2 SDK Platform - 19 As soon as started Android studio downloaded the Gradle-1.12 in the below path C:\Users\DELL.gradle\wrapper\dists\gradle-1.12-all after that it shows the build screen as below. This screen is shown for ever . It is not moving further. can anyone help me in this. I am sad!
`internal` exists so that API vendors (such as MS) can write classes without worrying about random strangers using their code. Whenever an API becomes public, the vendor can no longer easily change the signatures. When `internal`, if MS chooses to, they can change their code without fear of breaking other people's code. That is, unless they are using reflection to "cheat".
No. Just size permgen appropriately. It's no different to having to size the heap appropriately. Don't be afraid!
I am not sure how to fix this:
It gives me the `Failed to Create the Java Virtual Machine '.
All assets should be placed in the folder You can access the assets using the method or the Laravel HTML helper methods and . i.e to include Javascript file: Hope this helps!
Which D? There are at least a few D's around
Since I am completely useless at regex and this has been bugging me for the past half an hour, I think I'll post this up here as it's probably quite simple. In PHP I need to extract what's between the tags example:
@ PankajSharma no , this will still work , because of the GROUP BY clause 
We in the process of building an IOS app (it's yet to be launched). We are trying to implement Push Notifications as part of the build. We have set this up via Amazon SNS and have created and registered an app certificate for the app which contains push notification permissions. Basically we send the app message from Server code - it states that it has been published and it returns the message ID but the device doesn't receive anything. To clarify the device registers ok for remote notifications and returns a device token. Very frustrating! Does anyone have any tips?
Excellent, happy to help! If you don't mind, can you accept my answer?
So through an incredibly awesome coding session I managed to extract all the variables on the first try. Well, all checked out except for array since the PDF I tested on didn't have one in the Aux Info. All the data from CGPDFDictionaryRef are now in an NSMutableDictionary, so its usable. Tomorrow I'll be making the second part to put it back into the other type that is needed, CFDictionaryRef. So if you wanted to wait I'll post it up.
I got very angry with Oracle today after reading lots of editable TableView solutions involving setOnEditCommit, which is just NOT the right way it should be done. Following is a much better and simpler solution I found after digging the JavaFX source:
This video ID will be of next thumbnail which will be flipped.
In Bash, you use parameter expansion: In your case, say . No need to go overboard and cry for regexes at the slightest provocation -- Bash has plenty of power!
Strangely enough, by slightly changing the 'canonical' rules and starting from a random configuration, Conway's Game of Life (I don't know why my Wikipedia link is not working!) seems to generate pretty nice mazes! (I don't remember the exact rule, but it's a very simple modification that tends to 'densify' the population of cells...)
I'm using VS2008, in a normal mid-size solution. Sometimes, debug stepping becomes very slow. A padlock gets rendered on the every file tab for every "step" (F10/F11), and it can take up to two seconds for every step. That makes debugging very annoying and slow. Has anyone seen this problem?
+1: Excellent question :)
Forgot to mention: Thanks to Alejandro and his team for pointing this one...
I ' d like to be able to see what registry keys are used for . A book on the registry would be fine as well . Info on Windows Vista changes would be great ! 
Just had this happen to me.. very annoying! I am using "Pandora Recovery" to try and restore the files, because I have no other backup.
Just use Skype . It ' s free , it has excellent chatting capabilities , works over firewalls , supports lots of collaboration features out of box and plenty more as plugins . P . S . It is also supported natively on Windows Mobile and has good clients on other mobile platforms ( Fring on S60 ) 
I really don't know how to solve this problem.
You will need to use some LDAP queries Here is some code I have used in a previous script ( it was taken off the net somewhere , and I ' ve left in the copyright notices ) 
I have two arrays of animals (for example). How can I merge the two arrays into one by the ID?
Wow ! ! The question sounds question for working in the kitchen . I am amazed the names used for the tools : ) 
If by 'slickest' you mean fastest, I'm afraid that Enumerable.Repeat may be 20x slower than a for loop. See : So use Dotnetguy's SetAllValues() method.
What are you trying to use this offset for?
To get negative values working as well you could make a helper method for this.
The table below shows time required by simple loop and CODE_FRAGMENT.
@JudahHimango: According to Microsoft employee Ivan Brugiolo "When desktop composition is enabled, DrawAnumatedRects is a nop in Vista." So what do you use in Vista and Windows 7?
@BrodieG excellent! thanks for the clarification. So I guess that generic primitive are a particular case of generics...
So we're wondering how do other API developers make their interfaces and beans accessible without relying on a context import ( which btw also clutters up the target context with many potentially unneeded beans, like for example if an API provides several services and I only want to use one )?
I need the name of the current logged in user in my Air / Flex application . The application will only be deployed on Windows machines . I think I could attain this by regexing the User directory , but am open to other ways . 
One of my tables in my SQL database has a growth rate of two nibbles per nanosecond. I was wondering how many megabytes per day that is and should I be worried? My hard disk is 150 GB.
I'm using a WPF validation for TextBox validation. I have defined this Template: The TextBox is located on a form in a TabItem. Everything works fine, but the '!' TextBlock stays visible when I choose other TabItems. This behaviour is observed in many other cases - when expander expands etc.. the Excklamation always stays visible on the same place, although the TextBox is not diplayed.
Excellent Rickard! This, together with Black Panda's advice helped us track it down.
Not available in silverlight. See other C# answer(s)
There is a function IsWindow which does exactly what you asked for. Look at for more information.
When you try it, you get the error: This comes from (line 3023 on my sources, but varies by version), in . The comment there explains that: This routine is to be called by statements that must not run inside a transaction block, typically because they have non-rollback-able side effects or do internal commits.For it's called from in under the case for , but unfortunately there isn't any informative comment that says why specifically isn't safe to run in a transaction.Looking at the sources, I can see that for one thing it forces a checkpoint.Overall, though, I don't see anything that really screams out "we can't do this transactionally". It's more "we haven't implemented the functionality to do this transactionally".
Tap the escape key. It's that simple.
Is the local server on your dev pc being accessed by name or IP address. The issue could be related DNS resolution.
I need the page to include the sitemap because I ' m saving context from each of the three previous pages . That way the user can click the previous page in the sitemap , and it will load the data I stored ( i . e . load the data from their previous search ) . 
Maurice I don't have such option or maybe I don't know where it is.
this is an excellent link thanks a ton ! havent gone through it in detail . just glanced . but it looks really promising . Will read it in detail shortly 
excellent really great app  much better than other bus apps. the data is sometimes poor  but this is not the app's fault. looses 1 star as it occasionally force closes on launch (but isn't really a problem as it auto-reloads).   feature requests: buses moving along the google maps in real time; colour in times that i can easily walk to (from current gps) in green  ones i have to run to in orange and ones i'll miss in red.
This is probably what you were looking for: It's an uber awesome, extremely useful app to track your overall app downloads & sales!
When you build, you can publish the binaries for both pro and lite to your artifact repository ( nexus, artifactory, etc ), and then you would have 2 separate jars.
excellent answer!! Its very informative. Thank you.
is not an , it's a basic type. You can only add NSObject-derived objects to an NSArray. The EXC_BAD_ACCESS is probably because, under the covers, it's trying to access an object stored at wherever your int is pointing to. In other words, it's using your int as a pointer to an NSObject and failing horribly when it does so.
? easy to use and simple but miss some features like changing color or font for multiple nodes
Ok, I find the reason: device won't answer to simple user (and doesn't matter what permissions did you ask in program manifest). You can directly speak to device only if you are root (or from kernel mode). That means you cannot use devices directly from general applications. Very sad :(
? i love it  but some times it freezes and i have to do somthing else
Could you post any articles that you may have on this subject?
Very nice! +1
@Kevin Oh, excellent! I see now that it's a fairly obvious answer, but that tool is perfect. Thanks!
Unless there is a very valid reason, passwords should hashed. Hashes result in fixed length strings. There is not space argument to make, unless the system is storing the actual password, which is arguably a terrible idea.
Would you happen to have another column in your table where you can group them as " 1 2 3 4 " , " 1 2 3 4 " , etc ? It would look something this : 1st column | second columnA | 1B | 1C | 1D | 1A | 2B | 2C | 2D | 2If you order it by 2nd column , it will return 1 1 1 1 2 2 2 2 . But since you have another column , you can do order by 1st column , 2nd column , and it will be 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 . This ia ofcourse assuming that you have a field 1st column . But given that you ' re looking at having them order 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 , there must be something in your other fields that can help you achieved that Hope this helps ! 
I try to export ant buildfile , then i run the build.xml. Then what next?
I got 2 update panels in one page. After a request I want to check which update panel(s) got updated. I've read should be good for this :) However, whenever I get a postback in a non-IE browser, the panelID just returns null? It works very fine in IE... Here's a codesnippet: I got 2 updatepanels, both with conditional updatemodes: and Any help would be highly appreciated, and I'm open for alternative solutions which doesn't involve Thanks in advance :)
It's pretty easy to prevent aliasing by adding a conditon *a != *b.
Obviously, the above example re-implements CODE_FRAGMENT, but you can naturally do the same for CODE_FRAGMENT, etc..
Okay so say we have a graph with a ball on it at (200,200) and we swipe our finger from (0,0) to (100,100) how do I go about moving the ball to (300,300)? This should be simple but it is really hurting my head! This is the code I have so far (using andengine)
Back in the private beta (this question dates back to about a week after the private beta began) the discussion aspect of the site was not terribly well-formed. I didn't really want to state an opinion, merely state an alternative approach. I think the pros and cons have been adequately addressed in the other answers / posts.
You can also do Start->Run and type services.msc to get to the services and stop it.
The JUnit task page lists several ways in which you can make the FILE_NAME available to Ant.
FWIW - In regard to 'being more careful in the future' I've really enjoyed using AnkhSVN within my Visual Studio 2010. It's done an excellent job of helping me perform perfect commits
To push it to Heroku , you ' ll have to add it to your repo . Why don ' t you want to commit it ? It ' s recommended to commit Gemfile . lock in your repo ( unless you ' re developing a gem ) : When developing an app , check in your Gemfile . lock , since you will use the bundler tool across all machines , and the precision enforced by bundler is extremely desirable for applications . 
To my limited knowledge , in Android , any activity must belong to a given process . However , the book says : " The activity life cycle is not tied to the process life cycle . " that is to say , even if the process has been completely killed , its activities can still be alive ! What makes me confused is : Because the input handlers of an activity are bound to the process . If the process has been killed , how do its activities react to the user ' s inputs ? 
Flip the image before displaying with
The answer can be found in the . You should skim the excellent documentation that comes with Perl
Is there anyway to control the styling of the scrollbars of a div tag? I am experiencing some contrast issues between IE7 and FireFox 3.5.2. Any help would be greatly appreciated!
I can send POST request with this code.
I'm not too certain that the CODE_FRAGMENT solution is the best solution, but I think far from the worst, and should be pretty good on its own.
What database platform? sql server? oracle?
I ' m new to Flash but want to create a nice video for a product . It takes a long time to make a nice looking presentation , and I ' m hoping for a jump start . Are there any good templates which are free on the internet where I can quickly change the text in , for example , to make my video ? I ' ve tried looking in google , and there are too many websites , many of which look gimmicky . Any recommendations ? ( A video this one - - would be amazing ! ) 
Is there a fast way to do that?
how can an answer be accepted when it answers a different question?
When I refactor the following line: using Resharper's "Use Object Initializer", I get the following: I really hate this type of formatting because with longer object names and variables it just gets out of control. How can I get Resharper to do the following?
Excellent, thank you! I don't know when we are going to upgrade but that's a good reason to I guess.
That's just a 16 character requirement with an optional 2 character afterwards: The parentheses may not be required - I'm not enough of a regex guru to know offhand, I'm afraid. If anyone wants to edit it, do feel free...
I was wondering whether anyone knows of any tools available that perform the task of analyzing one or more CSS files , determining the similarity between the various rules within the files and presenting the user with options for the merging and reduction of rulesets . I ask this because a project I am working on has reached the point where it has so much CSS that Internet Explorer ( Still the bottom line I ' m afraid ) chokes on the CSS after page load , causing a 3 - 5 second lock - up in interactivity until the choke is processed . In case you ' re wondering : Yes , I am sure it is the CSS causing this issue . 
Is there a way to create a batch api request with different access tokens to be used? I need to crawl data from youtube channel using the offline access tokens of our users but the problem is we have 20K of that and having 1 request at a time is really painful and is taking lot of time.
how do i map FILE_NAME to set the values and create a different json with the same format?
@ DevSolar I would like to use boost more , but its synergy with C + + 11 is terrible , and there are some rather ... _ curious _ design decisions ( Iostreams requires Devices to be copyable , but makes streams noncopyable ... oh , and also nonmovable - at least in the implementation I ' m using , maybe they fixed it ? ) . 
offline browsing please allow us to open local html or swf files.  there are few browsers out there that can not play local html but those lack the browsing/playing features of this app.
I really hate putting variables in the view. I would change your helper to to "memoize" it, and just keep the three function calls.
tricky shit man! I think I found the issue!
Working on providing source code now, and no. Infact Chrome seems to suffer the least!
Awesome work guys. Got to love the fact that the SO community are so fast that issues I can't solve alone don't particularly impact on my day! Thanks! :)
an excellent offline rss reader on my nexus 7. a solid  simple  lightweight reader. the only feature i miss compared with my desktop reader is the ability to group feeds in folders. thanks are due to the author.  this is an open source program and there are similar apps based on it. if you have one of these installed  as i had  uninstall it first or you get a 'duplicate' error.  this is not a web-based reader like google reader  but you can import your feeds as an opml file.
The FILE_NAME file will compile without and trouble.
(sorry if that was confusing)
@ergosys Thanks that was extremely helpful!! Somewhat related to what I asked... I'll have a try on that tomorrow :D
Wow, wow, wow! I actually found a better way to do that... if I keep the same abbreviation and change template text into: it does want I wanted, but in the way cooler way! So you can use your own variables in a template as long as you don't call them or Awesome!
Here is an answer to a similar question: It's a complex workaround, but looks working pretty fine!
what I want to know is , what does create ? what can I do with it ? what does it mean ? Every tutorial without fail will avoid talking about the first version entirely The reason the tutorial doesn ' t rell you what to do with it is that it really is totally useless ! It allocates a single and gives you a pointer to that . The problem is that if you want an int , why don ' t you just declare one ? 
Thanks @ BrunoLowagie ! ( I ' m so thrilled to get your reply ! If you write that as answer I would accept it ! ) I have found the relevant code samples : [ iText in Action , Ch . 16 , ResizeImage sample ] ( http : / / itextpdf . com / examples / iia . php ? id = 286 ) , and also [ How to recompress image in a PDF on Chris J . Haas ' s website ] ( http : / / cjhaas . com / blog / 2012 / 01 / 06 / how - to - recompress - images - in - a - pdf - using - itextsharp / ) The first sample modifies a ` PdfWriter ` replacing virtually every ` PdfDictionary ` key in an ` PdfImageObject ` , even passing in a byte array - bypassing image validation . Second sample goes through an Image 
Excellent!, thanks for remembering :)
Actually, I've just fixed it. Fiddled with ColorBox and got it working. I'm running it in a function every time the images change, which didn't seem to work with the previous lightbox plugin but does with this one. Hurray!
The function is extremely annoying because it uses a prototype or something insane that . You ' d have to do an ampersand - call to override the prototype : . However , you are trying to transpose the matrix , not to it ( which would produce a continuous list We could use an iterator in conjunction with : which works , but this is severely overthinking the problem . Let ' s just swap indices : 
Basically, the component type is mandatory for JSF in order to create the component by CODE_FRAGMENT method.
I'm using Apache ftpserver ( Java ).
From It works very fine! Here is how you can make an InputStream for a BufferedImage:
nice but after i update i can't open the game? pls fix this game and i love it.i will give 5 star if this game fixed the bug.  username: roenan12 server: s2 libra
No, and I would be very afraid if there was.
Crap, forgot to verify that this is inconsistant with MRI, it's not.
The indexes you need are dictated by your query requirements, not your schema design.
The StackOverflow transcripts are enormous, and sometimes I want to link to a little bit within it. How do I create an HTML anchor in a FogBugz wiki page?
good but lacking all in all the app works  but its pretty lack-luster. it does a few things well and a few ok  like the feed  friends list and adding  messaging  and connecting to your ps4 for second display features. but it stops there. the store takes you a external browser  the second screen features are limited and the keyboard is a bit buggy and only works 70% of the time  its slow and the positioning of things is not efficient. the ui isn't all that intuitive with its lack of gestures and easily accessible features.
You could simply add another Jar task and give it a unique classifier to distinguish it from the ``standard ''library.
What you are implementing here is very similar to a . Doing it by hand is the only way I ' m afraid ! My advice is to use in your class A definition and override the properties for your class B implementation : Functionally , this will act similarly . The only downside is that your wrapped class A instance can no longer be changed independently of your class B instance . Is this a requirement ? 
I'm reasonably certain you can't shift focus to another tab. My understanding is this is done to somewhat limit pop ups and other malicious content from stealing the users focus.
My client sells jewellery in different materials such as gold , silver , oxidised , etc . When using the Layered Nav widget I would like to display the thumbnails corresponding to the selected filter . So if the users selects the ' gold ' attribute in the widget , the gold thumbnails should display in the archive . Using ACF I added image fields to the main product for thumbnails and modified the action in my functions . php . I am trying to write a function that will retrieve the right thumbnail for the currently viewed filter but I cant find a way to check the active attribute for the page . I think it may be possible to use a query _ var variable , but my knowledge is too limited . Any help will be hugely appreciated ! 
When you add 3 hours, you will get March 30, 2010 02:00 UTC.
? cool app but freezes when trying to share on facebook fix that and i would give at least a 4 star rating
J# was, from the very beginning, a migration language. There were lots of devs who had used VJ++, Microsoft's version of Java. When .NET came out, the company provided J# as a way to move those devs and their code, unchanged, to .NET. Today, starting out, there is no reason to use J#.
New to programming and this is my very first post ! Very exciting : D Thank you all in advance for sharing your expertise . I would like to be able to somehow reference the earlier created timer and to be able to extend it ( call Change upon its instance perhaps ? ) on Button2 _ Click . Please take a look at the code below : 
In this case, I'd keep the DoStuff() method but subscribe to it with: Admittedly that won't please those who do all their event wiring in the designer... but I find it simpler to inspect, personally. (I also hate the autogenerated event handler names...)
@chucklukowski wow, that's just about exactly what I was looking for! I'll be giving that a read-thru. Much appreciated.
Does anyone know of a link to a reference on the web that contains a sample English dictionary word script, that can be used to populate a dictionary table in SQL Server? I can handle a .txt or .csv file, or something similar. Alternatively, I'm adding custom spellchecking functionality to my web apps...but I don't want to integrate the standard components. If there are good references (with samples) on building a dictionary word checker, I'd love that too!
Edit: To call an Oracle function from Java, see if this works for you.
Just save the stream to a file using and load it with Documentation
I ' m running socket . io / node . js on my EC2 auto - scaling array of servers . As soon as I have more than 1 server , there is the obvious problem where the socket . io connections need to be shared between the servers . This is where you ' d normally use the redis store plugin that comes with socket . io . Unfortunately , I use MongoDB ( not redis ) , and the cost of adding another database to my stack would be prohibitively high . I tried using the module , but it absolutely killed my servers ( huge CPU usage ) . Is there any other way to share the socket . io session between EC2 servers ? 
What is the code equivalent of setting endpoint headers in configuration?
Godd luck, hope you figure it out! :)
Freeing the local array " buffer " is undefined , and probably horrible , behavior ! You can ' t free something unless it was allocated with malloc ( ) or calloc ( ) . It ' s likely corrupting the heap and causing the crash . 
What matters is that your code is readable. If you're worried, add a comment -- that's what they're for! Having said that, maybe you should StopIteration when there are no more players.
I'm very sorry about my horrible English! only for this example I use radio button, I'm considering using textbox too
I have a file containing unsigned 64 bit integers in little endian format shown below I ' m looking for a way to read these numbers in and then convert them to their decimal equivilant The code I have so far is as follows : which gives me the following output from the first number I ' ve been looking at how to use structs for this as it seems it is what it was made for but I ' ve been unable to find the correct syntax using them . Any help would be hugely appreciated ! 
Why don't the bytes intersect??
I see... that's really great! Thanks!
Typically you would handle that as a POST (not a GET), and read the xml from the request-stream (or there are helpers to let you do this). Otherwise URL encoding and length restrictions are going to make this extremely painful.
I used ExcelLibrary with very great results! (until now it support Excel 2003 or lower versions).
May be it's worth to limit the 1st level of caching by just 50 reports and introduce a 2nd level based on WeakHashMap?
Ahhh! I just made num_rows work (even though I don't need it, as you pointed out) because of your indirect help! Thanks you sweetheart!
Excellent icons on !!! We use them in PerTrainer iPhone application You can see screenshots here: I also found some good icons here: Hope this helps!!!
This is pretty trivial, just adds three asserts to TestPath#testNormalize.
Very excited for my first post on SO ! I would like to create an animation in xcode I am not having much luck with what CABasicAnimation has to offer . Feels I may need one of those fancy physics engines ... ( ? ) How would one properly begin do this ? Thanks ! 
The only scenario I can think of is some a application container that has been requested to abort some work.
awesome - what started off as a gripe turned into a real educational experience - thanks everyone!
I'm reading about the CallContext class (). The documentation says something about "logical threads" and "Thread Local Storage". What's a logical thread, I didn't know that there existed multiple kinds of threads? What's a Thread Local Storage, is it a class or a principle of some kind? I have not been able to find it in on MSDN, but I'm sure it is there some place, so any links would be great :-)
What about forgetting all the wrapping of the functor pointer, and instead use as the functor? that way, you don't have to worry about managing the copy in any way shape or form.
Bloody hell !!!
This is for SQL Server 2005+. Output:
___ Yours was very good AND FAST!! thanks for the response ___
BTW, which auto-generated headers are these?
@wst It doesn't even have the decency to return the same map? That is really terrible.
bugs  bugs and bugs the game would be really good  but the application is full of bugs  increasing at each release. a pity...
@DennisRongo Great success! Thanks for the link, post it as an answer and I'll accept
So to do this I would keep a list of axes and when I delete the contents of one I would swap it out with a full one. I think the example below solved the problem (or at least gives an idea of how to solve it): The extremely ugly for loop construct is really just a placeholder to give an example of how the axes can be swapped.
In vc + + 6.0 MFC Application Project , I will not get the compile Error , but when i run the project i will get the error Debug Assertion Failed ! program : project . exe File : winocc . cpp Line : 345 For information on how your program can cause an assertion failure , see the Visual C + + documentation on asserts . ( Press Retry to debug the application ) what Error it is and why this type of error occurs , how to debug this error , plz help any body , 
I think JSON is in incorrect format . Try this : Change the in your OperationContract to Try adding following when request is made : If still it doesn ' t work , then try Overriding method in your class . Now make an object of and call method and here you can see your required JSON format . After you get required JSON format , then try sending JSON in that format . Hope this will help ! Thanks 
I have just a quick question: Are files created before they are finished, or are they finished and then created?
@augustss: with `ImpredicativeTypes` you can make monadic binds polymorphic as well (though it requires a heck lot of extremely ugly type annotations).
If it is 1 then updateBar will be called once, if 2 then updateBar will be called twice etc..
That's one bit of excellent logic! Thank you so much!
From the documentation at and , I think this should work: Try that and see if it works. Otherwise, I'm afraid, it's preg_replace-land.
You can use Projections in your Order
This ws-addressing issue is a real pain in the ass. Not only does WSS2 use an old, pre-release version of WS-Addressing, it adds propritery elements to the soap header (e.g. wsa:via) that arent part of the schema. What a crock.
Actually it doesn't even have to be malicious code. It could just be a accidental name collision.
Apparently, the Gmail app do not let me download the attachment... this is really unfortunate :( Gmail works with !!!
Android apps are constrained to a certain amount of memory. As it's quite (insanely?) low, I think you shouldn't feel guilty about using all of it! The limit is 16 MB on very old devices, 24 MB or 32 MB on newer ones. There doesn't seem to be much info on the size for different devices, and nobody seems to know why the limit is so small when modern phones have 1-2 GB of RAM. Aha, I found some concrete numbers on the limit: G1: 16MB Droid: 24MB Nexus One: 32MB Xoom: 48MB
Isn't and the same thing here??
Why use a ` Mutex ` here ? The ` Acquire ` method just returns a reference to an instance ( this is a reference type ) . Whether the object referenced is mutable or immutable is irrelevant . The reference is to the same object no matter if the object mutates . Why do locking ? Even if the instance was not " singleton " or " read - only " , i . e . even if the field reference could change , since [ reference assignments are atomic ] ( http : / / stackoverflow . com / questions / 5209623 / ) , there would still be no need for locking / ` Mutex ` . I will downvote this answer @ + 109 net upvotes ... 
I need to know if my file is audio file: mp3, wav, etc... How to do this?
I bet it cannot be simpler than that:
I'm reading an excellent article by Paul White - ! and he uses this code: I'm trying to find out more about using dbo.Name to declare a variable, not having much luck with books online. Any ideas where I can find this? Thanks
I have ci, so our staging environment builds itself. Should I have a script that not only builds production but does all the branching for it as well? When you have 1 code base on 2 different urls with skinning, should they be required to build at once?
path/to/build/dir/libtool --mode=execute gdb path/to/executable. I think libtool is an effective and terrible solution.
After installing a lot of apps, and building a few myself, I'm sure many people have been wondering about this. If I'm looking through my SD card it looks absolutely horrible, and its really hard to find folders that are mine for putting music/videos/pictures in between all the folders for different applications. Is there any conventions here that we, the developers, should try to put their apps into one base folder or has Google forgot about this completely?
I don't see much out there for java but I would look into with JNI.
I recommend you take a look at how merlin does it, as suggested by Erik Allik, e.g. https://github.com/the-lambda-church/merlin/blob/master/emacs/merlin.el#L430 starts a process, and https://github.com/the-lambda-church/merlin/blob/master/emacs/merlin.el#L631 sends a command to the ocaml merlin process, with an async handler.
? this is the best !! recommended for all muggles! :)
I found a number of people asking the same question starting around 2005, but here is the first google result - also discusses silverlight. As far as I can tell, however, the only thing you would need to worry about would be setting up the mime types and providing access to the files.
Too slow and I prefer to operate in the same mode as my users. Also, I just really hate switching to debug. And its a waste of diskspace.
@TonyThinkk No worries!!
which is silly -- bad package encapsulation).
Logger on top of Log4J and its abstract base class for supporting other frameworks.
I have really enjoyed playing with my first robot. Now I want to make something a little more exciting. What's the best tutorial on making advanced robots?
I'm afraid I can't entirely follow your question - do you want to have a sign up form for membership or email notifications shown as an article? If so, then the easiest way is to install 'm2c' - the 'module to component' component. Then you can put any module (ie the sign up box) in the centre content area. The m2c component can be found here:
yes, I have just installed binutils and it's looking very awesome!!! I'm going to check it out! bb with more info
Behaviour by tag, when you can just set a target action on a button directly? That's horrible!
I was too pithy . I should have said , " The Loudness Wars Killed Music . " 
Multiple Threads ( Inner classes implementing Runnable ) sharing a Data Structure ( instance variable of the FILE_NAME ).
COM components are really a pain to manage, update, versioning, etc.
I've been using for a little while now, but there's one glaring piece of functionality that is either missing or I just can't figure out (I hope the latter!). If you pass cfg.getTemplate() an absolute path, it just doesn't work. I know you can specify a template directory, but I can't afford to do that, my use case could deal with files in any directory. Is there any way to set FreeMarker to render absolute paths the way any user would expect?
Setting the property of your picker controller to should remove the focus square (it did pre 4.3, I don't think anything has changed), but the downside is you'll need to provide your own controls (to take photos, etc). It's all or nothing I'm afraid!
This is horrible . First you ' re sleeping , which will never wait exactly the right amount of time . It may fail if the computer is busy and shutdown takes longer than expected . And otherwise it will waste time . Furthermore , you ' re using shared * persistent * state . The right solution is simply to free the ` runOnce ` mutex before calling ` Application . Restart ( ) ` . 
I have recently found out that anything Swing ( NetBeans , IDEA ) is excruciatingly slow to paint the UI over Remote Desktop ( RDP ) . Can you guys give me any suggestion for something that will work properly over RDP ? 
I use Grunt to run my unit tests without assert modules , i just log what i need with grunt and use my " custom " coditions to check the variables ' s states and values . I was thinking about using mocha with grunt , but i am trying to find out how it will really change something when i run my tests . How my tests will be more valuable using mocha ( for example ) ? Regarding the success of these tools , i feel i am missing something in their utility . If someone could explain to me how and when they are usefull , it would be really great ! 
Here's a similar question on DBA.SE: [Does the order of columns in a table's definition matter?](http://dba.stackexchange.com/q/18719/2660)
$('li:nth-child(3), li:nth-child(4)').insertAfter('ul').wrapAll('')You can't "break a list". You can either A) remove it and replace it with two lists B) extract some elements to make another list with. The following is terrible terrible practice, but then again so is what you're asking...
@knatten - Great Idea! Please update the table at the end :)
3 ) Edit API_NAME configuration file ( in the `bower_component's folder ) and specify path for each js library components.
I abbreviated the heck out of my arguments and thinking, but damn it thats what I think :)
You are right. See my update! Make a suggestion pls and I'll catch your thoughts ;)
thankyou waited for such an app for a long time. jazakallah!
I would suggest renaming the file in the repository from config.php to config.php.sample. This is the file that you would edit to change the default options. For deployment, either to your development environment or to the production server, you would copy config.php.sample to config.php and edit it without worrying about future conflicts.
@ecu - Excellent :) I added an answer so future googlers can find the answer a bit easier, it seems comments aren't looked at nearly as often when scanning for the reason.
If I invoke this API using something like CODE_FRAGMENT and build my request like so, ( provided that I have authentication headers and a POST body included ).
Better to use FILE_NAME API ( there are several, I am not sure which one is better ), it's more straightforward solution.
It's a command-line tool. Unforunately Xcode doesn't use CodeSense for editing files outside a project, which is incredibly frustrating.
yes it does it in IE8 as well. Very annoying !
I think this'll be what I'm going to go with. I really hate dealing with XML files.
I voted up your question because I want to do the same thing.
horrible installed perfectly and though was great app. uploaded some pics from gallery with no problem. when wanted to take a pic as demo here shows above  it was just a black scree. pressed camera button  nothing. can upload from gallery  but cant use the main feature of this app which is what is advertised. why would i use this to upload from my phone? my phone hasd bluetooth  and a usb to hook up to my pc. i can send those pics via text  email  and facebook. the main purpose of this app does not work!
Managing url paths can be a real pain in ASP.NET. AbsolutePath vs RelativePath vs etc. drives me crazy. I find that many solutions require the user to edit web.config element to include the correct subfolder path; ex. Website Root: Web.config setting: / Website Root: web.config setting: /blog/ Is there a way to properly handle this without having to make changes to the web.config?
For a good c compiler use . It is an excellent compiler which a huge device database to select from! You can use keil to generate a Hex file (in the Intel hex file format). You can then load the hex file into to simulate your design and see the output!
is there FILE_NAME api to translate it?
WOW....you are right...I'm deeply sorry to bother you guys (and I'm also a bit embarrassed).
For various reasons Microsoft decides that some info should be kept away from developers. But people through reverse engineering find out what these reserved fields are about and produce their own documentation. Some times people guess correct. Some times Microsoft makes breaking changes, and people scream "How dare you!". And life goes on.
Sky , it sounds you can maintain * complete * test coverage for an exception . Excellent work ! Maybe someday I ' ll learn how to do that . 
+ 100 for this : - ) you made my day ! ! When writing the question I was not sure if it was related to " Brook ' s mythicalman month " and skipped it . Here I go ... and it ' s persisted for eternity on stackoverflow : - ) I am really " rofl " that stackoverflow can answer questions this ! 
Which initialize() method are you referring to? Which class?
There is a free ebook that microsoft released about windows phone developement. Its extremely useful and It could probably answer this and many other questions you might have! you can download the book from this website:
That would be awesome. I could report 100% success rates on all e-mails! :)
this is one of the mechanism provides by Struts2 to handle Cross-Site Request Forgery ( CSRF ).
There ' s 2 parts to this question , both about RestKit : How can we post up 2 values email and password , and deal with the response using the object mapper How can we map 2 objects in a response We are expecting the following JSON response : What ' s the correct way to map this out , we ' ve got a class setup for User and Token , but all the examples i ' ve seen seem to not show something this where there is two segments to the response , here ' s the code we have at the moment : Appreciate any help you can give on this , loving RestKit so far ! 
I ' ve got a table with a BLOB collum . What I want to do is get it to be able to pick out words and list them in order . For example if it contained : Bob Smith likes cheese but loves reading Charlie likes chocolate milk Charl loves manga but also likes cookies Then I would get likes loves as a result ... is this possible and if so how ? I ' d like to be able to do it in just mysql alone , but I can use php as well . Thanks in advance , kenny 
You have to created a new model for hold referral code . below are given model syntax . add These lines in your last lines your models . py Above mention line will create your user profile at the time of creating user . Hope this work for you ! ! ! 
I'm using this code to launch a .cmd file: It works fine, but I want to actually see the cmd.exe window running. How can I make it show? Any help would be greatly appreciated!
The question is not when, but what is the easiest and least painful method.
problem - the bit to sign the source-release is being called when the source-release isn't being built because the source-release is only built at the "executionroot".  
thanks for the great tip! I was really thinking of this because this is the only file that change per environment
I'm afraid I can't really accept an answer here as it turns out that it can't really be done, without using a workaround, which I didn't want to do. Sorry!
Hey, I am trying to further my knowledge of javascript and was wondering if anyone could explain to me what exactly is happening in the script below: Most importantly, why are there 4 'google_ ad_ ...' at the beginning and what is the purpose of them? A line by line explanation would be awesome :) Thanks for any help. I really appreciate it.
Undefined behavior if the character is not found. Also you should not use `strstr` (with or without the typo) if `strchr` would suffice.
good its good but its freezes up a lot
Nope. It comes right up.
I'm glad we were able to resolve this issue.
This is amazing. Thanks so much for explaining. Excellent explanation!
I am sorry for posting so many questions , but getting this to work has been incredibly painful , even tho Testflight makes it much easier I figure this has got to do with my Apple Push Notifications . I am using my distribution profile across all my settings . My app has been configured to both development and production . What could the causes of this error be ? As a side note , i have been working on this for the entire day , and i get stuck at one thing after the other , esp involving static libraries and xcode4 . Am I really bad at this , or does Apple really make it so hard ? 
I think I read somewhere recently ( might even have been on SO but I can ' t find the question ) that in a debug session , pressing stop in VS just kills the process and no GC takes place . However closing the app window normally performs GC as expected . Is this correct ? Also , what happens when a ( non - debug ) process is killed in task manager - does the GC still cleanup ? 
Loving Susy , so far ! Now I ' d this initial layout ... ... to turn into this layout on a smaller screen : Is this possible using Susy ? Furthermore , I ' d want the AC - column to function as a single entity when they ' re in the same column , since I ' d like to give them sticky behavior . 
This code seemed to do it: The accepted answer goes to dystroy as he was the first to point me in the right direction, excellent answer by Bart Kiers though, +1!
I ran into the same thing a few years ago with a PI system, so I do feel your pain!
yeah, compiled, but output is so horrible !!!
HashSet ( Java Platform SE 8 ) says.
This is a professional project in academia and I need to use Java for it - bc of my own limitations I'm afraid!
See also on Programmers.SE: [Why is Inversion of Control named that way?](http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/205681/why-is-inversion-of-control-named-that-way)
I have registered some CellEditors with all my columns.
What will you be doing with the images ? Displaying them in the browser ? 
My problem with Boost (here, and elsewhere) is that you can often get on without it (in this case with C++11 or before C++11 [with a function](http://stackoverflow.com/a/138633/111307)). Boost adds a significant compile time overhead, had tons of files to park into your repository (and to have to copy around/zip/extract if you are making an archive). That's the reason I try not to use it. I know you can choose what files to include/not include, but you usually don't want to have to worry about Boost's cross dependencies with itself so you just copy the whole thing around.
I can't comment (yet) so I have to add my comment this way. I thing Mr. David Murdoch's advice is the best for Opera ( ). OMG, what a lovely girl he's got btw. I've tried his approach in Opera and I succeeded basically doubling the input tags in this way: This way the 1st element is hidden but it CATCHES the display focus Opera would give to the 2nd input element instead. LOVE IT!
<3 <3 <3 ! ! ! :)
I'm trying to test if a character in a string is a space, and I'm getting extremely frustrated: I'm not getting any errors and I've looked online, but people on different forums say this is how to test for a space. Uh.
I'm in Ubuntu using gVim. Something is just wrong with the Window management of gVim - it keeps resizing on me! ... It usually happens when I either switch tabs or split the window or switch between splits. Any help would be completely awesome! Thanks!
very kind : ) Paul S . approach is a good one as it acts a polyfill . 
What I am trying is : D:\workspace_sts\HerokuSampleApp>heroku pg:psql ! Unknown database. Valid options are: HEROKU_POSTGRESQL_GRAY_URL Seems I am missing the [] brackets for the DB URL D:\workspace_sts\HerokuSampleApp>heroku pg:psql postgres://XXXXXXXXX:pcb24a2s4fd2327p9qdhq4pelv5@:/d 5vj802XXXXXXX ! Unknown database: postgres://XXXXXXXXX:pcb24a2s4fd2327p9qdhq4pelv5@:/d5vj802XXXXXXX. Valid opt ions are: HEROKU_POSTGRESQL_GRAY_URL
For workloads that are memory capacity constrained ( i.e. have to run with limited heap space and GC takes a lot of time ), this option can prove useful.
Hey Jon ... just now ( after reading the question and answers ) I saw that it was you that asked the question . 4 years later I ' m here looking for exactly the same thing ! StackOverflow is really amazing ... By the way : I just love the badge " Works on my machine " you have in your profile ... I think I ' ll borrow this ! : D 
Felix Geisendrfer from Debuggable has some really excellent examples of how to utilize Set::extract to get multiple values from various nested data structures
E.g. I get an array of CODE_FRAGMENT objects.
and acts accordingly to the message received and displays the message in your CODE_FRAGMENT of choice.
Agile Development can't be sold using documentations. Instead, ask your management to let you be Agile on a small pilot projet. For this pilot project, you must: - find a motivated end user to help you. - be free not to use the standard developping processes of your company. Then, succeed !!!
This is sad, I told you how to handle raw packets, and I only got 3 votes, while the accepted answer has 8 votes and basically didn't answer the question...
Thanks henry and pat... we'll have to re submit all the PA's so trigger hudson.
In WPF , how would I apply multiple styles to a ? For instance , I have a control which already has a style . I also have a separate style which I would like to add to it without blowing away the first one . The styles have different TargetTypes , so I can ' t just extend one with the other . 
@GabrielePetronella I missed that link, I hate how stackoverflow removes the underline! Are you running it on a server or file protocol?
+1 for IntelliJ. Worth every penny.
I need to get the current user too, but can't find that function... can you share the solution?
If I use SubSonic to create DAL for my web project do I need to worry about preventing SQL Injection Attacks?
How can i get? My attempt was:
@AugustoPedraza On what line are you getting a NullReferenceException?
? probally the biggest flop ever. as soon as you click on the game a message pops up saying ' can not connect please try later ' waste of battery. htc
How to add some text between content tags. Say Wow it works!
How do I exercise an action to ensure it redirects to the correct action or route?
I'm trying to inject a DAO using @Autowire.
instanceof is very efficient , so your performance is unlikely to suffer . However , using lots of instanceof suggests a design issue . If you can use xClass == String . class , this is faster . Note : you don ' t need instanceof for final classes . 
claims to : Export Balsamiq Mockups to HTML / CSS / JS and Adobe Flex 3 at a click of a button . Balsamiq ' s perfect companion No coding skills required Pays for itself after one use If it really " works " Napkee could be extremely useful . Does Napkee work as advertised ? What is the quality of the exported HTML ? Is it a must - have companion to Balsamiq ( which I love ) ? 
i'm trying to convert my date which is in string form to date.
I want a text file containing links to the Wikipedia articles listed , one link per line. I could do it manually but that would be very painful. How can I automate this task?
I wouldn't use CODE_FRAGMENT, I suggest using CODE_FRAGMENT or CODE_FRAGMENT or CODE_FRAGMENT or ( if you have to ) CODE_FRAGMENT.
As far as the query shit, i have no idea if solrdispatchfilter or whatever could/should do Thread.currentThread().setName(x) or whatever (and maybe restore after)
heads up feature something's wrong with the heads up feature on htc one. the notifications keep coming back even after you dismiss it
I guess I could do that. It's just a pain when in Microsoft Word I can hold down shift and drag to do this, but I can't in Visual Studio!
No I did not. The question is - which files..
As things are evolving very fast, there are some major update. For example, a framework named Total.js has made much work to make Angular.js work in hand with Node.js. Please have a look at their web site and at the 6 (!) example they provide on how to use it : . Pretty amazing! Hope that helps! Note: I have no affiliation with Total.js at all.
I can confirm that this works.
Thanks for posting this Rob! Excellent work (saved me a month of R&D)!
Thanks, this is extremely helpful!!
You can just see all the W3C Examples and you'll be fine! Delete a Cookie with JavaScript Deleting a cookie is very simple. Just set the expires parameter to a passed date:
Given a handle of type HWND is it possible to confirm that the handle represents a real window?
Tom - I did the Java thing from 1996 until 2002 . My official reason for leaving Actuate ? Microsoft understood the need for basic things enumerated types ( since added to Java but it took way too long ) and excellent Windows UI support and Actuate had no interest in building . NET products . 
Totally useless for VB (no anonymous Action delegates), but I can see it working with C#. Can you show how you foresee it being called?
@Evan It's not compilable java. It's used to navigate the code in eclipse/idea and is excellent if you have a large code base with lots of long class names.
The eclipse ui was completly stuck, which was similiar to the other experinces.
I just followed your excellent recommendation --- thanks! :-)
Edit: - Missed to add one imp line, CODE_FRAGMENT.
Hi Carlos, This looks awesome! Lots of cool stuff.
[ fiddle ] ( http : / / jsfiddle . net / mcoomey / JPC4J / 1 / ) was not related to the table layout of auto versus fixed . The fiddle shows that it works for both . If you are still seeing a problem while using the newer version of jQuery - ui , then it must be another issue with your code . 
? i like pocket for it's ease of use and absolute reliability.
Like others I'm using larger fonts, since getting on the plus side of fifty. Most recently I started using the Consolas typeface and have really enjoyed it. Fixed width indents well. The clear differences between lowercase L and number 1 and the letter O and zeronumber 0 for example also makes this a really good programming font.
the link to the last article (Tips for Unit Testing) expired. Here is the link to the new article: http://devver.wordpress.com/2008/07/07/tips-for-unit-testing/
I loved the visualization of the race. Well done.
We use Xceed's 3.0 DataGrid (pro version..but free version is excellent) more extensively than probably anybody. It has the flexibility to handle more things than the other grids.. in my opinion of course. Try them all, there are limitations to each.
I don't think you want this - if I'm typing a document into Word and I hit K, I'm going to be very angry when your application pops up instead of a "k" appearing in my document. Windows allows you to assign shortcut keys to an icon on the desktop, but it limits them to the function keys or to combinations containing both Alt and Ctrl. Right-click on a desktop icon and go to Properties, and look for the field marked "Shortcut key".
I am having trouble with adding text to the RichTextBox with tabs in it. I have code similar to this: And when I do this I can see tabs in paragraphs that start with '\t' but if I actually delete the tab then press the Tab key, the indentation is wrong. In fact it's about half the size exactly. Also if I tab in the middle of a line the tabbing is different. Also when I pull the Text out of the TextRange lines that start with tabs appear to not generate '\t's generated by pressing the Tab key. This is incredibly frustrating. Does anyone have advice or ideas how to work with this?
due to which spring dependency injection was working fine and was getting a bean through.
I have to setup a rails project and rubygems.org is seemed to be down. That's really horrible. Can't believe it the whole ruby community have only one single not-so-reliable gems source. What should I do in such case?
android 4.2jelly bean can't install error 909. . i'll give you five stars if u fix it
@gnud: No, it's not an implementation detail. It makes it a pain when you've been given an integer in "natural" base (i.e. Jan=1) and you need to use it with the calendar API.
BTW: This is one reason why I hate this autoboxing shit since Java 5. I would love to have a way to prevent it in code (forbidden checks should detect this somehow).
where outf is a file gives me:
What method should I use to update existing ldap objects?
I would checkout . It has great reviews on Amazon and the Head First book series are really terrific and engaging.
Here are my tables. And here are my object classes I'm brand new to dapper and orm in general, so please bare with me. Would a many-to-many relationship be possible to map out with dapper? If so, could someone provide a coding sample, that would be extremely helpful! I am also open to switching to a heavier orm if that would make these advanced mapping scenarios a lot simpler.
The reason to build it into the language is that it can get painful when you want a hierarchy of chainable objects that return the most derived type. Currently, you have to have `` generics to allow subclasses to change the return type so calling methods don't lose scope of the object they are calling. Building into the jvm removes this ugliness. Plus, instead of a return statement, it can just push a reference to this on the stack as needed; an "on demand return" instead of an "always return" that can be hard to optimize out when you don't use it.
If after retrying for set amount of repetitions call fails, onFailedAfterRetry ( ) is called.
I don't do c# anymore but yes I remember those templated stuff was really painful.
? good and fun try it
Well asp.net is problematic by itself in many ways. I can only imagine how the page is coded, but mostly asp.net submits are done in a very painful way through _doPostback where it sets additional hidden fields. You might want to try reading this and reviewing the generated html of the page
Quote taken from the CODE_FRAGMENT documentation.
I'm considering making an Android app that integrates OData also.
I have a big problem. I've created site, using jQuery, but it runs very slowly. On mobile phones it's terrible! And I don't know, what's wrong... Someone can help me? Links doesn't works yet, because I want use CMS on this layout, but before I want to little optimise these scripts. Here's test site: And here are the scripts:
You can do as followed:When your app is not started/ running and you start from an notification, onCreate gets called. When your app is running (background or foreground), and you start a new intent from an notification this method gets called: (if you are using singleTop) To detect whether your app is running back- or foreground, you can simply set a boolean in onPause/onResume: Hope it helps!
tells JSF that the CODE_FRAGMENT should return an instance of the given FILE_NAME whenever a renderer of the given component family and renderer type is been requested.
I have a composite control, I need to get the address of page hosting it.
If you want to print a int as binary, use CODE_FRAGMENT to get the string representation of a CODE_FRAGMENT in binary.
the ' id ' field of my table auto increases when I insert a row , I want to insert a row and then get that ID . I would do it just as I said it but I ' m wondering if there ' s a way I can do it without worrying about the time between inserting the row and getting the id . I know I can query the database for the row that matches the information that was entered , but there is a high change there will be duplicates , with the only difference being the id . 
Creating custom types can be done in PowerShell . Kirk Munro actually has two great posts that detail the process thoroughly . The book also has a code sample for creating a domain specific language to create custom types . The book is excellent all around , so I really recommend it . If you are just looking for a quick way to do the above , you could create a function to create the custom object 
I ' ve seen this bug in resharper 4.1 . It happens when the base class is in the App _ Code directory . Don ' t know how to fix it , very annoying , code still compiles though . 
Alarmingly, my customer has discovered a setting in the Java control panel which resolves this.
Thanks! Give it a try! It works excellent! If you can build the URL string correctly of course, je
What the hell?!
Concept of atomicity comes when something is mutable.
no, it is not possible -- we tried hard and ended up reverting to the 10.7 way of using a custom class.. check MAAttachedWindow well with enough swizzling and posing it'd be possible of course... but that is very evil and at least as much work as your own class!
I've discovered that my Python code is a lot flatter than my C++ code. Don't know why.
I have FILE_NAME that allows to download a file from the internet.
i thought the question said 'specifically in SQL Server 2005'?
You could write a Matcher that only accepts alphabetic characters.
It depends on the screen size because a 7 ' screen with FHD will not have the same dpi as a 17 ' screen with FHD . to know DPI I use this calculator : and for the folders please try the actual google documentation it is pretty complete : hope it helps ! 
All but one of the answers you got provide another frightening example of how people can get very basic C syntax wrong.
You can run to get the total number of contacts. Another solution -
I ' m trying to make a link inside the fancybox single image title . I want it to redirect me to another fancybox window ( witch is inline ) ... I have a script that makes the whole single image a link , but this targets my document title instead of the anchor title ... I really hope someone will have a solution or a better idea on how to do it ! ! : ) Thank you thank you thank yooou ! : ) btw : I have almost never worked with scripts .. In depth anyways ... 
I am assuming that, you have a desktop program, which is running on the ftpserver itself.
I have implemented this in my Visual Studio addon Visual Installer as IntelliSense Member Completion.If you type variable followed by a period (.) a list of all possible members of this class is presented in a list from which you can choose:Second option is to move cursor over any class to view it's members:See details here: http://www.unsigned-softworks.sk/visual-installer/features.html#member-completionP.S. sorry for this self promo - TLama is very angry for promoting 3rd party software in Inno questions but there is no support for this in official Inno Setup editor and many people ask for this.
The built in ones are awful . You can easily write your own RSS , RDF and ATOM parsers . I have a tutorial and a full visual studio project you can download that does just that http : / / www . jarloo . com / rumormill - 5 / 
If you include the appcompat lib as you do above, you don't need to include support-v4 at all; appcompat depends on it, and the build system will do the right thing.
The answer was devastatingly simple in this case. For some reason windows uses localhost as opposed to 0.0.0.0. So although it says standing watch at 0.0.0.0:4567 it is actually standing watch at localhost:4567 . You should be able to navigate to this page and see your middleman build.
love it. this game is totally worth it.
Is there any difference between: and The convention that I've seen in most Python code (and the code I myself write) is the former, but I recently came across code which uses the latter. None is an instance (and the only instance, IIRC) of NoneType, so it shouldn't matter, right? Are there any circumstances in which it might?
I'd say to hell with windows minority :)
And what do those "lines upon lines of errors" say? (Sheesh! Getting information out of you is about as painful as pulling out teeth!!)
As others have already said, JFormattedTextField is the best way to do this.
I need to perform the same hash server side. All this code that I am digging through seems to have been run through some compression tool. Devastating.
Mark B - excellent - works perfectly ! Thanx again :)
Took me a few seconds to get it, but then I realized how awesome it is.  
Unrelated to that bug, but a bug still, you should not create swing components outside the event dispatch thread.
I found an excellent tutorial on how to create site columns and content types - here : ( THANKS AGAIN ROB ! ) Does anyone know of a written or video tutorial that will explain how to create a list and list instance in MOSS 2007 . I use WSP Builder , and the build in templates from Microsoft aren ' t compatible ( or up to the task ) . Preferably a method that focuses on the CAML ( xml ) , and explains in detail the theory , and demonstrates how it is done . Thank you . 
In JavaMail, you can use as the URL scheme to use IMAP over SSL. (See in your JavaMail distribution for more details.) For example, . Similarly, use to send emails via Gmail. e.g., . Again, read for more details. Hope it helps!
Here's an implementation in Python: And a port of this implementation that I've just done in C++:
Say I have a input field which will only accept a CODE_FRAGMENT when the submit button is pressed.
...also, how is this a programming question?
I use and to embed the code formatting portions. Works great for me! :-) Sample page:
The overlapping part is an excellent point. Its also worth clarifying the question as to which is most common in the case of substrings of varying length.
Precisely at March 30, 2010 01:00 UTC we switch time from +1 hour to +2 hours versus UTC, so March 30, 2010 00:59 UTC is March 30, 2010: 01:59 CEST, but March 30, 2010 01:00 UTC become March 30, 2010 03:00 CEST.
With regard to Peter Lawrey's note that you don't need instanceof for final classes and can just use a reference equality, be careful! Even though the final classes cannot be extended, they are not guaranteed to be loaded by the same classloader. Only use x.getClass() == SomeFinal.class or its ilk if you are absolutely positive that there is only one classloader in play for that section of code.
Joel Lucsy: That implementation of SQLite is a mixed-mode assembly which is not supported by Silverlight. Only a pure managed implementation would work under the Silverlight CLR.
You can also invoke Future #isDone ( ) prior to Future #get ( ) to know if the processing is complete.
I need someone to point me in the right direction on this .... In my Android application I have a ListView with custom views for each row containing various textviews each . I retrieve weather information for multiple locations and then want to write the results for each location to its own listview item . The question is , how do I refer to each textview on each listview item ? I can ' t do it by name using , can I ? If there are three items in the list , will the temperature textview for each item be names the same , just differ by an array index ? If so , how do I specify TextViewName ( 0 ) , TextViewName ( 1 ) and TextViewName ( 2 ) for the three list items ? Yes , I ' m still very new to Android .... but loving it ! 
However, having said that, if you have a concrete need for modifying the mock request created by CODE_FRAGMENT manually and then having that re-used with CODE_FRAGMENT, you can create the FILE_NAME in your project.
I ' m a starter in Objective - C and IOS programming , and I ' d like to have some recent guidance on how to use SOAP with IOS 5 . I saw some tutorials online , but they are quite old ( over a year old ) , and I don ' t really know if there are some more recent ways to deal with the SOAP webservices . If anyone could give me some guidance / links about that , I ' d be very pleased : ) Thanks ! 
The renderer is selected based on the component family and renderer type by CODE_FRAGMENT.
I have included it as written , but when dragging controls from the Toolbox , they still get a " green line " below the ajaxtoolkit tag - and the intellisense does not popup as expected ... is there anything else needed ? 
I need to have a nofication in my program when a file is uploaded through the ftp.
stop button crash this app repatly fix that bug and u get 5 stars
excellent! this user agent switcher is a gold mine!
Because there are too many changes in Rails 3, without tests it may be very painful))
Look into these links. They may help.
I'm working with a program that runs lengthy SQL queries and stores the processed results in a HashMap.
I find it comes back periodically. What's most frustrating about it is that everytime it does come back, it breaks WebDeploy as the account under which that runs does not have access to delete the aspnet_client folder created!
I know it's not what you asked but may I suggest using NIVO Slider? I've used and it's excellent!
In theory, you could apply that philosophy to every single question on SO. But it would be terribly boring to do so.
Excellent! Thanks for the link.
Not really, you have to declare the functions somewhere visible to the caller. Header file is the most convenient way to do it, because it provides an interface. A possible approach is to merge those headers into one .h file, so you provide a single and complete interface with your library. The only other approach I can think about is declaring the functions in the files where you call them, but this is much more devastating and error prone then including a header file.
Try this: The lets it run over any file (incredibly dangerous!) but the revision specifier limits it to the specific files included in that changelist.
I can't believe that answer from a company. Horrible!
It's best to do it right from the start.
Yes, removing the xp theming is a possible solution, but this is a customer application and the rest of the app uses xp themed buttons.
I want to duplicate a very large table, but I do not want to copy it row by row. Is there a way to duplicate it? For example, you can TRUNCATE w/o deleting row/row, so i was wondering if there is something similar for copying entire tables UPDATE: row by row insert is very painful (because of 120M rows). Anyway to avoid that?
The best I've come across so far ( challenge 2 here ) is.
This, of course, depends on your debugger. Can you elaborate?
This is similar to the accepted answer (because it is using Java to represent the newline rather than EL) but here the <c:set/> element is used to set the attribute: The following snippet also works, but the second line of the <c:set/> element cannot be indented (and may look uglier):
? works ok it don't cause problems when u play but sometimes when u exit playing it the screen freezes then when i try to open up the app again it shows black that's it so then i'm forced to delete it and re download the app again can u fix that? otherwise i love it
can i just use my and meta tags in Ruby or is there an easy way to do it?
I understand that letting any anonymous user upload any sort of file in general can be dangerous , especially if it ' s code . However , I have an idea to let users upload custom AI scripts to my website . I would provide the template so that the user could compete with other AI ' s in an online web game I wrote in Python . I either need a solution to ensure a user couldn ' t compromise any other files or inject malicious code via their uploaded script or a solution for client - side execution of the game . Any suggestions ? ( I ' m looking for a solution that will work with my Python scripts ) 
yeaa im just not sure how i would be able to store a user input string into the array. I've looked around online and tried out some of their code. So im not sure. I really hate mips. :(
Visual studio is ok, but i really hate the fact that you have to go through all the process of project creation just to compile one source file. Is there any compiler in windows that allows compilation directly from directory?
Is there a simple library out there for Java in a Maven repository that will give me simple , one - liner hash methods for the popular hash functions such as MD5 , SHA1 , SHA256 , and SHA512 ? I ' d really hate to have to reinvent the wheel to do this . 
There is an really excellent short(!) book on Stripes that covers all aspects: by Frederic Daoud (Pragmatic Programmers)
Question is of course: what is a solution to use the result of Oracle function for the new value of the ID?
Eruby is an external executable, while erb is a library within Ruby. You would use the former if you wanted independent processing of your template files (e.g. quick-and-dirty PHP replacement), and the latter if you needed to process them within the context of some other Ruby script. It is more common to use ERB simply because it is more flexible, but I'll admit that I have been guilty of dabbling in eruby to execute files for quick little utility websites.
You could also group the characters by language. Load each language table as needed, and when you need to switch languages, unload the previous language table and load the new one.
@Suma How can this be a duplicate if the question you mentioned was posted a year after this one?
? it do not open stops
i am currently having some difficulties trying converting a Unicode character string ( DT _ WSTR ) into an INT this is what i have ( Note most writings are in German , but i think someone who has worked with SSIS will unterstand anyways ) Data Type selected : A four - byte , unsigned integer . but all it does is fail terribly 
So "options" always has one item, and "option" can have multiple? What a horrid API!
ASCII codes... Characters are understood as integers in the above code ( e.g. CODE_FRAGMENT is 65 ).
Let's assume that we have a for-loop that will loop through a collection or array of Strings.
I'm developing an OSX application () that runs with LSUIElement set (system menu only - no tray icon, doesn't appear in cmd-tab). It works totally fine, but someone just pointed out that it has a blank process name in the Activity Monitor listing. Just says nothing. Everything else in there has a name. Even other apps running at LSUIElement. I've tried to search around the web, but I can't spot anyone talking about this. What on earth should I be looking for?
Before you go that route, have you seen this: It's a series of articles about writing Effects (supported in .NET 3.5SP1) as fragment shaders that run on your GPU... Pretty neat stuff!
Guy's I am at my wit's end. I've got a VPS that I'm mucking around on, so nothing is important, but nginx is being a complete pain. I've deleted all of the content inside and restarted. Visting the ip of the server simply results in a page with one word on it: I just don't get it. Is this normal nginx behaviour? I've deleted the entire conf file and restarted, so why is this happening?
I am not sure if it does , I will check into that . That may be the solution I need . 
Cool, that's all good news too! Thanks guys. One less on my radar.
There are many ways to solve it, the simplest is call.
please just bring back the old maps!! how do you update a software and take away all the good features  while not adding any new ones?  i miss so many things.  the button that shows my entire route in nav  the option for other routes  the option to search while in nav for things in my route  the option to just view the map while nav is still running separately.  i use the gps a lot for work and this update is killing me.  i need old version of maps please
A quick remark to the excellent answer by Troy, if the version you downloaded is the newer one, 3.2, the Quick Nav has been remapped to Ctrl + Shift + Q.
I'm trying to do this in a makefile and it fails horribly: do you know why? I guess it has to do with escaping, but what and where?
It's up to the implementation ( which will depend on the kind of input stream you're using ), but generally it's likely to use a blocking OS-level API, so the efficiency will depend on the OS.
I am working on an app that uses some basic view types , but I find the default attributes extremely ugly in Android ( for example , a bright yellow ) . I can get the basic seekbar if I create it from code , using only the parameter , but I would like to know if there is a way to do this inside an XML Layout file . Is there an attribute I can set that will remove all default attributes - such as ? 
When I first read this, I couldn't help but think you were very sad about your Programs directory.
A couple of issues with your code that may be causing the problem is as follows:Do not EVER escape binary data prior to insertionInserting binary data from an upload into the database is a huge no-no. This can inadvertently lead to some very malicious attacks on your server that extend beyond simple SQL injection.That being said, it is not know what the field type is that you are trying to store into, nor how large the image file is. Storing a 2GB upload as a field in a database is probably not a wise idea, but if you wanted to store large images, it is recommended to stream the data into a BLOB field.For smaller files, you can them safely into fields or if allocated enough space.
doesn't work. how do I do this?
@Gary there is another point: when using the `rm` command, it is not it which performs glob expansion but the shell!
I am a newbie in flex. Latest task is to generate a graph or a netwrok based on the data input. What is the best way to do it. Also when clicked on a node of a network it should show the associated data with that node. Hope to get some help soon! Thanks, Kartik
I think that solution is now ready. Here's the code: David Wasser you are extremely helpful, thanks!
if the 2 structures variable are initialied with calloc or they are set with 0 by memset so you can compare your 2 structures with memcmp and there is no worry about structure garbage and this will allow you to earn time 
Is there a way within Rails/AR to create a new mysql database at runtime?
I have been trying to use OfflineAudioContext and the FFT analyzer in chrome with a script processor but I am running into the same issue that this person has : In that SO answer , someone pointed out this bug report : but it is over a year old ! My questions are : does anyone know if this will be fixed anytime soon and should I file a bug elsewhere ? Is that bug report ( that is a year old ) still being looked at ? Or better yet , maybe someone knows a workaround ? My code is essentially the same as the jsfiddle on that SO link . It ' s really sad that this stuff doesn ' t work in chrome but it does in Firefox . 
+1 for *"...the debate was about **what** was actually meta data."*
I am trying to generate API documentation via cabal and haddock. I want it to be latex. So I do: This fails ultimately with: Is there something I can do or is something wrong with haddock? FYI, I have to use cabal since the build process is rather complicated (lots of preprocessors, ffi libraries, ...). Invoking haddock manually is really painful. Building HTML documentation however is working completely as expected. The complete output is at . I am using:
When I refactor the following line: using Resharper's "Use Object Initializer", I get the following: I really hate this type of formatting because with longer object names and variables it just gets out of control. How can I get Resharper to do the following?
ROFL!! I love the comparison to getting married...
isn ' t generic , so your code is effectively : At that point is it clearer why you need the cast ? ( Not that the cast will really anything at execution time , of course ... ) You ' re not calling which is what you really want to be doing , effectively . It ' s just another case of Java generics being a bit of a pain : ( 
I am Posting my values from database here, code: ?> Then I am trying to write out all rows of my array but can't get to understand how. However, this is the code from my script. Hope you can help somehow. Thanks. I can't find a solution so I am very greatful for good and simple answers!
Excellent example and interesting discussion! Thanks everyone!
Or, assuming that CODE_FRAGMENT is a specific implementation of the CODE_FRAGMENT and AInterface is the central access we could just say, A uses a certain implementation of BInterface by default and so on and actually set them internally with new.
Proxy (among many other meanings) is a **design pattern** -- see [wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proxy_pattern) for excellent coverage (not intensely C++ specific, of course).
Suggest adding the following to Peek and Pop(): if ((_stack.Count - 1) < 0) throw new Exception("Cannot Peek or Pop without first doing a Push.");. This would alert the programmer to this corner case, and allow them to keep it in mind when using this class. We could also add a TryPeek or TryPop, which is the approach Microsoft have taken with their ConcurrentDictionary implementations.
I figured out the problem. I was writing out the NULL terminator and that's what was causing libxml2 to choke (although I could have sworn I already tried it without the NULL terminator, d'oh!) The fixed code should simply be:
@ KunalK : excellent ! worked for me . If you put this as answer then I can accept it . And it will helpful in future . 
The application is a Spring/Hibernate webApp, which access the Oracle database.
VirtualBox also has API's for automating their VM's.
Wow, great site, and people I got in an answer in less then 5 minutes! Thanks SLaks!
Here is the working solution.. Tested in Chrome/FireFox/Safari.. Split the setter into a separate method. Working grrrrreat! Enjoy... Controller: View:
Brilliant feedback, thanks! I'm glad you found the issue, and the solution!
I think you'd be better off with Iterables.
Wow I frickin love this site! Thanks for the quick and concise responses. I plan to keep the client-side regex validation but move the username check to the server-side on submit.
I know its an old post, but I believe following result will be still interesting.
startIndex is the initial index of the range to be copied, inclusive.
awesome but... its a really good player no doubt. but since last update some of my albums wont show  and even songs wont show. not to mention it repeats some albums  and its not my memory card cause i only have 1 album for each group of songs. please fix this. its the best player ive come across id hate to have to uninstall it :(
Gosh ! you're right !!! Excellent !!!! Is there a way to expand it programatically ? I added .setOngoing(true) (to the top) but it's not expanded... (not really the top because the first one is a notification when I'm plugged to USB for tools developpement ). Thank you again my friend !
Maybe you could do the same that he did, i.e. explicitly declare rc05 version of Guava to force maven to use this one?
wow this is really awesome! thanks for that @petert
blech. horrible lack of features and customization. good for only occasional typing  i guess.
I have a script that prints out the average time when pinging a server , shown below : How can I add the line number to output of the script above when pinging a list of servers ? ? my actual output when pinging list of 3 host is : I want the output to be this : so that this can be read by excel : ) Thank in advanced ! ! 
Why do you believe that "template metaprogramming is all the rage"?
Sam ( author of the Spring TestContext Framework ).
I want to be able to grab content from web pages , especially the tags and the content within them . I have tried XQuery and XPath but they don ' t seem to work for malformed XHTML and REGEX is just a pain . Is there a better solution . Ideally I would like to be able to ask for all the links and get back an array of URLs , or ask for the text of the links and get back an array of Strings with the text of the links , or ask for all the bold text etc . 
Thanks for fixing it so quickly!
When I refactor the following line: using Resharper's "Use Object Initializer", I get the following: I really hate this type of formatting because with longer object names and variables it just gets out of control. How can I get Resharper to do the following?
Please see: for an excellent fix! Much easier to implement and more versatile than the answer above.
Calling a virtual function is slightly slower than calling a nonvirtual function. However, I don't think it matters how deep your inheritance tree is. But this is not a difference that you should normally be worried about.
I have a lot of classes and this is a lot of work to do the XML mappings.
While your basic point is correct , the code you ' ve shown is much slower than the two versions given in the question : Afaik , you get four ` int ` in one cache line , that means on average you get a latency of less than 30 cycles to load the data ( not considering prefetching ) , you have conditional jumps in your loop ( modern architectures hate mispredicting those ) , so you get much , much more than a cycle for each loop iteration . I ' d wager , your swap will take at least 100 to 200 cycles , probably more , but that heavily depends on the numbers you are swapping ( how many mispredictions are made ) . 
Oh, I'm sorry, I was unclear.
How can I check file permissions, without having to run operating system specific command via passthru() or exec()?
I have a long scrolling page, and want to test if an element is 100px from the top, then apply a class elsewhere (until the next element in line is 100px from the top) If I could just get the basic statement I would be ecstatic, anything extra would be a bonus!
If you have access to the configuration of your EJB container and you can set the executor, then you could Guava's addCallback method.
Is `PrefixFilter` also expanded into boolean clauses? (Or is it implemented differently somehow?)
Loved Dan's solution! For python3 do:
I am working on a test application based on ASP.NET MVC. I am new to CSS stuff so I am learning that as well. I have created a master page called "new.master" and created a new css "new.css". I am calling the view from controller as: What I am doing is that I am frequently updating the css and master page. So I run the application in debug mode frequently. After sometime I stop seeing the effect of changes in css. When I "view source" in chrome and check the css, it shows an old version. When I change the name of both master page and css, I start to receive updated views but that works for sometime and then again I stop getting the CSS updates. Have you faced this problem? How can I fix it? (Its terribly annoying!)
I would suggest FlexUnit for automated testing of libraries you're building but it is a serious pain to use for a full application.
What exactly do you want to do with the window ID you receive?
Excellent! Thanks much.
Too bad we can't use position:fixed in IE6.
Great! Awesome work, Nick, and thanks for the clarification, Bill. 
one thing missing i really like this app. simple user interface and works smoothly. espn should add a feature to notify you when your current selection is finished. that is the only thing missing.
I have a binary file that I have to parse and I'm using Python. Is there a way to take 4 bytes and convert it to a single precision floating point number?
I am trying to construct a page layout, where the left column has a fixed width and a height of 100% (of whatever the right column is) and the right column has a fluid width. I've tried various ways of doing it, but can't seem to get it right.. Here's my code: And my css is: If someone could help me out, that would be fantastic :)
You can get IDs or classes on elements, but you cannot really retrieve the "selector" of an element. You can use `width()` and `height()` to get the dimensions.
? does what it says!  very. happy
Finally, if I try to deserialize as follows.
+1: I just used implemented this, it works great!
This library is fantastic, made my app much faster, thanks !
Yep I've been testing some stuff recently under Safari 5.1.5 (WinXP) recently and when you have elements with tabindex="0", all the elements EXCEPT links ( with "href" defined) are focusable. By all elements, I mean s, s etc. It's absolutely amazing for me from the accessibility point of view!
I'm looking for a reliable, implementation-independent way to clone an entire Document. The Javadocs specifically say that calling cloneNode on a Document is implementation-specific. I've tried passing the Document through a no-op Transformer, but the resulting Node has no owner Document. I could create a new Document and import the nodes from the old one, but I'm afraid there might be bits of Document metadata that get lost. Same thing with writing the Document to a string and parsing it back in. Any ideas? By the way, I'm stuck at Java 1.4.2, for reasons beyond my control.
sounds desirable behaviour to me ! How do you make it do that again ? ! ? 
<3 <3 <3 ! ! ! :)
I use ApexSQL Diff. It is an excellent tool for doing just what you're describing...compare schema, compare data, generate change scripts. It not free, but it works well. NOTE: ApexSQL Diff only works with SQL Server.
StyleCop has rules that seem to differ from MS's prior style guides. For example, StyleCop hates m_ and _ for prefixs to private members. Also, the VS default code generation violates StyleCop by putting using statements outside the namespace. *sigh*
I have a serious problem which I can't a solution to. I need to authenticate a token in order to let the user login into my app, the problem is that even though I'm using the AsyncTask, and probably because of it, I can't authenticate it in time. Other problem that sometimes accurs is that I get the NetworkOnMainThreadException error... I'm really hopeless. Here's the flow - And here's my code - That's is the URLDownloader class -
@sjdowling when downvoting someone you are suggested to explain why...
Definitely a point to take note of.
Excellent - I've unaccepted the original answer. I shall try this tomorrow. Thanks both of you.
The following code to use results in black image no capture, why? Note that adding before capture has no effect! Googling has been completely useless for this case, so far!
Awesome -- this approach will work ! Thanks ! BTW -- I ' ve followed your blog for quite some time ! Thanks ! 
@JJ That was the mistake JJ. Plain Oversight and extremely ridiculous.
The operative word in your question being "I". When _I_ step through... it works. When _I_ double click... it works. When _Windows_ runs... it doesn't work.
bq. this is solr's fault by having a getter that does some heavy duty xml shit.
Thanks for reminding me; I agree, I'll do it.
I have found Html Helpers extremely useful to simplify view pages code. Apart from the ones included in the latest release of Asp.Net Mvc which one do you use? How much you can reuse them in different projects and are they linked only to html generation or did you put some custom logic inside?
Excellent point! Thanks!! I did mean just the left side though.. (I should have specified that). Was glad to learn your insight though..
If call is successful, the onResponse ( ) method is called.
Talking about feelings.. I really hate the asp.net CalendarExtender..
I'm using the theme library to draw some text which works absolutely fine on Windows Vista - however, on Windows XP the returned HTHEME is NULL. This is the code I'm using: hTheme is valid on Vista, but NULL on Windows XP. I've read the documentation for and on MSDN, but nothing mentions that TEXTSTYLE isn't supported on XP (even Google doesn't throw up any good suggestions).
Okay , I see your confusion and edited my response with some sample code / an appropriate link to wikipedia . You are confusing the entropy of the model ' s probability distribution with the cross entropy ( or likelihood ) of the predictions it makes on real data . Consider a model that assigns probability 1 to some event and probability 0 to everything else . It has 0 entropy , but makes absolutely terrible predictions on any testing distribution that isn ' t a purely non - random sequence , assigning 0 probability to events that actually happen . 
I placed all the receiver tags in : And implemented my subclass: This works very fine!!! But... The method is called AFTER uninstall was completed but BEFORE users press OK at confirmation activity showed by native system. I wanna, if exists, receive a broadcast AFTER user press OK. Thanks!
doesn't work fix bugs and maybe i'll give it 4 stars. sorry!
os.statvfs() doesn't work on Windows (Python 2.5.2 -- current production version).
love this game. always wi.. love this game. always winning and opening new games. here it is a year later and i'm still loving this game. even though it takes a lot of memory.
galaxy s2 love this app. very useful. only thing that bugs me is from time to time my screen blacks out and force closes the app when i back out.
Since CODE_FRAGMENT is a meta character, and it's have a special meaning in regex.
Thank you for all the great answers! Sam & Talljoe's answers accomplished this most simply using Linq. Thx again!
You should implement a connection server that manages the connection to FCM to handle upstream and downstream messages.
You can probably instruct your web server to compress the data for you at the HTTP level, and then you won't have to worry about it on either end. For Apache, have a look at .
HADOOP-2949: - If tarball is specified, HOD no longer validates for the pkgs directory in gridservice-hdfs or mapred sections as these are not going to be used anyway."
I ' ve been having this exact same issue , still not entirely sure what to make of it . [ Here ' s my SO Question with a couple other suggestions given ] ( http : / / stackoverflow . com / questions / 3798 / full - complete - mysql - db - replication - ideas - what - do - people - do ) . / mp 
Ternary gets _extremely_ ugly if you're using more than one else statement, I wouldn't recommend it at all, let alone in this situation.
@ Raubi : Which bit ? It ' s still going to be horribly inefficient for long sequences , as it ' s still doing an enormous amount of string concatenation . 
Diodeus: You ought to post that as an answer.
Holy hell, I think I found one problem with turning a bignum into anything else.
I hate to say it, but the selected answer is wrong. C# Express ships with 3.5 SP1, including .NET SP2, etc...
Would I in theory, be able to send a notification with whatever information I want to that device?
Awesome! This tool is cool.
If it wouldn't have been a programming question, The answer of your title would be Priceless :)
Ok after a LOT of searching I found the answer, which is relating to accessing request in django custom template tags.... You can see the answer here: I used the following: and then changed the following line: I really hope this helps someone else! :-)
I have an xml document that is generated based on what the parametres are in the URL for example : This will generate an xml page . Now I want to display this in a formatted way on the menu , after having a look it seems that : file _ get _ contents ( ) seems to be the best option . But I was just wondering how I can place elements and attributes found in this xml into the html code ? Any tips / help would be hugely appreciated ! 
Edited my post. Hope it helps; and feel free to keep asking questions!
Hi there, I was able to set the focus back on the selected item after some research on similar issue. All i needed to do was, call the BeginInvoke method on the Dispatcher property of the Listbox and do the focus setting on the selecteditem in the listbox in the delegate method call which is as below: box.Dispatcher.BeginInvoke(DispatcherPriority.System.Idle, new focus(SetFocus),box); Where focus is the delegate and SetFocus is the delegate method where i get the selected item from the listbox and set focus on the corresponding listboxitem. Hope this helps!! Regards, Sowmi
You have to use the PowerMockRule.
I started to be thrilled only to find out that the example is ascii art ! 
In C#, if I wanted to parse out a string into a date and timespan, I'd do something similar to the following: My Google-Fu has been less than desirable in finding a way to convert this to Objective-C. Any suggestions?
I ' m cleaning up the CSS on a fairly large ( and somewhat disorganized ) website . Is there a simple way ( or a piece of software ) that will let me find , for example , all the " a " tags that are within " h3 " tags ? Or all the " spans " that are within " p " tags ? I want to modify some of these CSS rules but I ' m afraid I ' ll break something hidden somewhere . Any advice ? 
Sorry, here's the test that reproduces the issue.
What's the expected vs resulting behaviour? More info needed.
My work just gave me a quad core computer, and WOW build times are fast! (What used to take 20+ minutes now takes 7 minutes). Anyway, Visual Studio builds project in parallel (great for build times), but scrambles the output: Is there a plugin that sorts the output when the build is complete?
The search bots don't care about hash tags. And if you are using them for some kind of flash or AJAX calls, you have more serious problems than your 301 redirects don't work. Because unless you have the content in an alternate form, the search engines are not indexing your site and you are definitely suffering as far as SEO goes.
The answers below are from Pre-Java 8. Post Java 8 see the answers in this thread: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/20311779/is-there-delegate-in-java-8-jdk8
Suppose to have an FILE_NAME, say CODE_FRAGMENT, and two non-abstract subclasses, say CODE_FRAGMENT and CODE_FRAGMENT.
Omar Al Zabir has an excellent post on using cache item callbacks for this purpose.
I've updated my post to contain sample C/C++ code
If you mean ``direct ''ByteBuffers, there's a put method which accepts other CODE_FRAGMENT instances so you can copy around.
I know techsmith has a screen recorder api called that you can access programatically. I haven't used it, but I've used the snagit api by the same company and it's excellent.
but app developers should always explicitly set it based on their application, My guess is that a large enough group of people take the defaults that it matters.
I am curious about the problem I have proposed.
Excellent, this works perfectly! Thank you :)
I ' m trying to allow multiple clients to connect to a host using select . Will I have to connect each one , tell them to move to a different port , and then reconnect on a new port ? Or will select allow me to connect multiple clients to the same port ? This is the client code : This is the server code : Any help would be excellent ! Thanks . 
Ok, I finally figured out what I was looking for ( this link was also quite helpful ).
? its okay but then it freezes other than that's its ok
Too slow and I prefer to operate in the same mode as my users. Also, I just really hate switching to debug. And its a waste of diskspace.
Pretty much everything that FSNamesystem (ie.
What a sad answer!! Maybe I can just don't install it, and leave the hell to user.
some cant download because when you download a swf an error appears pls fix ill rate 5 star for this
You're missing Aero? Check out http://win2008workstation.com
I'm trying to get better performance out of this Oracle query (which is terribly slow). I'm an Oracle beginner so maybe someone can point out a better way to approach this query. I have a table with information on different families. I want to extract the different relationships based on a relationship type. The solution I came up with uses a hash join to query the database...
I'm afraid that I already know the answer to my question, but I'll ask it anyway: When there are two MySQL DB servers, can I access data that is stored on the other server? In other words: Can I somehow do this: Is the answer really as short as "No"?
The evil NPE strik back !!
Do I need a call in this code?
We are using HAProxy with great success. I had never seen it go above 2% CPU usage even during high load average.
You should fix the libraries that are creating bad or non - named threads . I ' d hate to debug your libraries ' threads only to find that the names where changes elsewhere . 
Using a concurrent data structure lets you get rid of the synchronized block.
i wonder what is the purpose for designer to monkey with your properties...
that's great too! awesome. thank you!
Here are 2 patches ... one for adjustExamplePaths.bat & .sh and the other a new file holding 2 User Libraries ... UIMA_LIB & UIMA_AS_LIB.Not sure where this should go ..."
Did you ever solve this problem? I've just come across it and it's really annoying, especially because my video doesn't even have audio!
bad since last update!! there have been several updates lately and now this widget is not in good shape.  time is off  freezes phone   doesn't respond to touch to show weather etc.  fix!  it's deleted for now.
Hey, sorry I did not get back to you sooner.
It was a pretty stupid idea to use a static array of instances for QuorumOpMonitor.
Is there a way to run a specific Ant task via the keyboard? I have a rsync to dev task that I run a lot and running to the mouse to double-click is a pain.
You should definitely check out Jon Rista's three-part series on .NET 2.0 configuration up on CodeProject. Highly recommended, well written and extremely helpful! He shows how to create and use custom configuration sections, and goes on to explain how to use your own custom.config instead of or in addition to standard .NET config files. Marc
You can also right click the method name and click "Find all References" in Visual Studio. I personally would just do a CTRL + SHIFT + H to
I need to keep the files & folders on two Windows-based, non-domain machines synchronized across a public network. I was thinking rsync over SSH - but I was wondering if there is a simpler solution? Any possibility of using the sync framework over SFTP/SCP/SSH? Or I'm open to better ideas?
I lost my MySQL username and password. How do I retrieve it?
And debugging is hell, because the test environment needs to have the exact same loader setup.
I have a project that is using Apache POI, and I made sure to include all the external JARs.
Where is the func module? Is there any docs in SA?
In my personal opinion , I would make theUILabels as properties of the UIView , so option 2 . You can then access them from the view easily through the controller . This also gives you the advantage of reusability from the view to any controller , and since dealloc will get rid of those from the UIView , you only worry about cleanup once ! 
great! thank you. i been deleting apps for space it it grew boring cause i couldn't get much space. with this i have much space!
I m really excited to know that html 5 has in build support for audio and video playback( I know its old news but I just woke up ! :P) . What is even more exciting is that it can play local audio/video files in matters of some click. I had a look at this , could not find any offline video player. my question is why is that people are not developing an offline media player which could just be loaded form a website ? are there some issues ? Thanks
No worries! IE11 does a poor job of emulating other browser versions.
For the record , . Net Framework 3.5 SP1 is required for Microsoft SQL Server 2008 to install and RTM ' d around the same time as the release this week . Still a hefty install but you can extract the client profile from it . Just not to sure how . 
I have a piece of JSON string , which I want to parse in Erlang . It looks : I looked at mochijson2 , and a couple of other JSON parsers , but I really could not figure out how to do it . Any help greatly appreciated ! 
hi guys I am trying to create a program to allow a user to input a sequence of brackets (one at a time) and check to see whether there is a corresponding ending bracket. The brackets are entered on a new line every time to aid in the reading. I've set up an ADT for it but just cant think of how to get the while loop going and the checking...... I know if an ( bracket is entered i should push that into the stack and when a ( is entered i should pop one of the stack but I just cant work out the bits in the middle any help would be loved :) //ADT code
I still think it's not the best design, but I did quite a bit of testing and can say with a good bit of confidence that it had no real impact on performance.
So, which solution did you go for in the end?
returns a pointer to the found character, so you could use pointer arithmetic: (Note: this code not tested for its ability to compile, it's one step away from pseudocode.)
This is answered . The concept was implementing with the tags such as and within the and div. Excellent answer!
We have a requirement to show only -LCB- RED, BLUE -RCB- in a certain user interface?
I have created a new project using core data then copied all of the app delegate code for core - data that i need over into my current projects app delegate .. my appdelegate . m looks this now . My questions are as follows Is the URLForResource in this part of the code ment to reflect the name of my xcdatamodeld that I have created ? With the URLByAppendingPathComponent : do i have to create a sqlite database called Code . sqlite or is this made automatically for me by the core - data code ? what is the purpose of this method exactly ? any help or tips would be really awesome ! 
Using NSIS is great ( i use it too ) but i would suggest using a " packager " pyinstaller ( my personal fav , alternatives bb _ freeze , py2exe ) to create an exe before the using NSIS The primary benefit you get by doing this is ; Your download is smaller as you ' re not bundling the whole Python Standard Lib and extra stuff your app wont need and you get an exe file to boot ! 
Now i want to translate the string FILE_NAME entity decoder.
I created a Mastermind code and when I attempt to run it on my Mac it just says "logout". If anyone knows why, that would be extremely helpful! Here is the code:
loss of life still the same problem!!! sometimes the game freezes and u loss the life in mid game. that needs to be addressed. otherwise the game is cool. about to uninstall this game.
There's an error here: $r3 only has one result column (which you haven't given a name). Are you sure you are using the correct variable because there's no way that your code should work as you have posted it. Also your variable naming is really awful. Use meaningful names instead of , , etc...
I found this on Transactions with Table Adapters. However, this article doesn't explain why Transactions are needed or even desirable! Why would it be worth me trying to implement Transactions alongside my TableAdapters?
How do you train Neural Network for pattern recognition? For example a face recognition in a picture how would you define the output neurons? (eg. how to detect where is the face exactly, rather than just saying that there is a face in camera). Also, how about detecting multiple faces and different size of faces? If anyone could give me a pointer it would be really great Cheers!
Say the fruits are, apples, oranges, mangoes,... etc., If the user selects apples, I call apples ( ), if he selects mangoes, I call mangoes ( ) and so on... To select which function is to be called, I Don'T want to use a switch or if-else statements.
I am relatively new to AngularJS and am loving every moment of it! I have an unordered list of products. When the user hovers over them, I need the list element to have an class set on them. I am currently doing it this way: And my showDetails is as follows: Now, everything is working just fine, however, I was wondering if it was possible to set the class without the ng-repeat and having no variable to bind to? How should I write my showDetails function to set the class this time? My first try is: But what do I do in the ng-class attribute?
It comes down to 'designing for testability'. Ideally, you should not instantiate those COM objects directly but should access them through a layer of indirection that can be replaced by a mock object. Now, COM itself does provide a level of indirection and you could provide a mock object that provided a substitute for the real one but I suspect it would be a pain to create and I doubt if you'd get much help from an existing mocking framework.
Anyone know a quick easy way to migrate a SQLite3 database to MySQL?
Ew, that sounds a bit ugly! Is it possible for an instance of a class to be created before its unit's initialization section has run? In other words could an instance of TMyObject try to use FLogger before it's been set in the initialization section?
if you want to make these optimizations, fix the APIs so its intuitive, otherwise, no way.
You could implement your own malloc/free without worrying about the underlying OS.
Probably your answer is better given as a comment.
I really fail to see the use case ... If you will type print _ var _ name ( $ foobar ) what ' s so hard ( and different ) about typing print ( " foobar " ) instead ? Because even if you were to use this in a function , you ' d get the local name of the variable ... In any case , here ' s the in case there ' s something you need in there . 
a must have! great app and a perfect companion for many other apps.
I've found the following macros pretty useful! So you can just call or from within your app (as long as the header is included of course!).
I'm building a little script that changes content and css live on the page based upon the values of various input fields. I'm able to change the content "live" absolutely fine as you'll see here: I'm not able to get this working with the css method using the same principles though: Thanks!
I have a native library that I call using JNI.
I just have to say this is a brilliant idea , love it ! + 1 
hi, it needs to be server side, no javascript
It really sucks that there is now way currently to include transitive dependencies.
What's the easiest static (non-animating) 3d model format to load with Java? I used .obj in C++, but that's a pain to do in java. Is there anything better?
In my android app i'm trying to share an Open Graph including an object and an action. In my facebook app i added a story: and (is this ok?). When i try to add an image to the object in the OG i get above error. This is my code: here's the logcat: What am i doing wrong? Maybe i'm messing up some strings in the story, facebook tutorial is awful!
Why? If this works, why spend the time and effort? If you really hate it that much, write a function that encapsulates that bit of logic.
too bad it hasn ' t been updated in 2 years . And using the fetch / gclient is really painful 
How to get button Clicked for single time or Long press on it clicked event?
How do I code for a company icon to appear on the left-side next to the URL address in the browser's address bar?
Dependencies are: tomcat-embed-core, tomcat-embed-websocket, tomcat-juli and because of ( Spring websocket example - error - Are you running in a Servlet container that supports J SR-356? )
Are you using Hibernate or similar to interface the database?
dude on samsung galaxy s4 install the application on my phone and it consistently fails to operate. specifically  everytime i open it it causes with a black screen and then i get an error message informing me that it will not function. i have tried uninstalling and then reinstalling the product with the same failed results. from the product video i like the features and i hope that this is a temporary setback for my model of phone.
The sollution suggested over here is perfect: I register a BroadCastListener on all Activities that should be removed from the backstack and when I reach the main menu, I just send the broadcast and all receivers call finish(). This works really great!
This is my Gridview This is in my Code Behind inside my Page Load ............. Now as you will see i have a ImageField inside my gridview . When the ID = 1 then i want to show the image located here ~ / pics / ID1 / MyImage . jpg and so on and so on . I also want to show a Thumbnail of the Image so the User dont have to download the WHOLE image . Any help will be great ! Etienne 
As I read more into the article, I see that there is an API that looks like this.
Check if your Table has that style bit.
I installed Delphi 2009 Update 4 yesterday (very painful process ) Now, How can I make sure if it is properly updated? What is the build number shown in the IDE about box?
Hi Daniel, thanks in advance for your support.
It is incredibly frustrating that Outlook does not preserve the timestamp when you export. I have no idea why they decided to omit that.
The following code therefore, might be ( as I have not attempted using it ) a better one, if you are willing to use Mojarra specific classes.
I had left out PIPE, the new version works...
rmeader: if you have clients who can barely restart their computer it is a pain. And from what I heard some versions of windows don't automatically synch time ...
Ahh, I didn't know that the wsdl command line utility could generate one file for many asmx.... thats awesome! I'll try that out now. I can integrate that into our build process too. Great, thank!
This is especially true for long lived callbacks.
has an excellent in depth article on setting up an Apache web server on a linux box. Check out the article at the following link:
Remember, the bigger the heap, the longer the garbage collector takes, irrespective of whether you are using a concurrent collector such as CMS.
FILE_NAME is only useful if you are using standard Java beans naming conventions for accessing the properties of your entity.
So this could be hard to explain but i want to do a for ... := 1 to 10 do statement but i want it to be for A to N do. The main purpose of this excersise is to load data into a string grid. So lets have it load the cells 0,1 0,2 0,3 0,4 0,5 0,6 0,7 with the Letter A, B, C, D, E all the way up to 14. If anyone knows how to do this i would be extremely thankful!
This code is 99 % correct . However , if we call Peek or Pop without putting anything on the stack , it will crash as the index is - 1 . This could be easily fixed by adding index bounds checking . 
Sometimes in a long commit log, it's really painful to navigate the all-expanded diffs. (You get expanded-diffs when hitting enter from the magit-blame-mode for example) Is there a way to collapse these diffs?
Then you could better do \`__file_\_\`, to get `__file__`.
@Java1 I had totally forgotten about the moderators _hating_ the _link-only-answers_.!! :-(
Side note: some people hate that menu. Just take a look at all the Greasemonkey scripts that get rid of it.
With an you would get different results for and , but that class is clearly documented as violating the general contract of maps: This class is not a general-purpose Map implementation! While this class implements the Map interface, it intentionally violates Map's general contract, which mandates the use of the equals method when comparing objects. This class is designed for use only in the rare cases wherein reference-equality semantics are required. For normal Map implementations there is no problem with using string keys.
damn..thats what i was afraid of!!
In the end the answer was - yes - indeed . It was simply a delay between me adding my google test account and it actually being recognised as such : @ ! Google should have a warning about this - in - app billing is a complete nightmare to code ! 
Awesome!!! I changed to include the "/" at beginning and it worked!! was that why it was not matching the app.yaml handlers ?
was excellent :) However instead of creating a button object, I am only calling an OnTouchlistener to change the state of every view. Gives the same results though
@afr0 I'm afraid I don't understand what you mean! That example is using an ajax call when creating a ProductViewModel object to get the data.
They don ' t leak , but they will consume resources until they are garbage collected . The GC will call Dispose ( ) on them . I don ' t think DataTable maintains a connection to the database , so you wouldn ' t have to worry about calling Dispose ( ) or Close ( ) on it . to a similar question . 
I don't believe there is a general J2ME API for determining location. I do know that BlackBerry has a specific API for retrieving not only the rough 'cell' location, but also a GPS API as well. I'm afraid, at the moment, the GPS solutions are proprietary by manufacturer.
@ Adrian - that article was brilliant : D thanks for sharing it ! 
I have also tried to use.
I stumbled upon this site and really loved the way they have done the navigation on the left hand site. I noticed that site is using jquery but didnt see any plugins. Any ideas on how to go about doing this?
This is very strange, what are you trying to do here. It looks very scary code. Where are your constructors?
@idiot Yeah, I was on that idiot-path for a good while but commons-lang is a hairball, at least where this hashcode making and equals is concerned.
In some cases there is a trade that you need to do, thus you should take into account your project's requirements.
I have a page running on my local django dev server with the Django Debug Toolbar that seems to be running quite slowly but I'm unsure why: Django Debug Toolbar says SQL - 46 queries in 39.80ms And then running a profiler I get 7926 function calls (7774 primitive calls) in 0.024 seconds So I'm left wondering why is the profile time so much lower than the Total CPU Time? And then how can I find out what's causing the difference? And secondary to that - should i be worried about the 16842 involuntary context switches!?
I used multiple requests - batches of 10. I don't want to anger the Api!
In your code, you need to replace.
I wrote this code to update a patient in a derby database but it throws a CODE_FRAGMENT.
I have an old friend who is a mathematician. He has his own math to compress his formulas, which are incredibly beautiful. He works in a program called Mathematica, which transforms the formulas for 3D-shapes. I wonder if it is possible to obtain these figures using Canvas and JavaScript? See attached formula and figure. I know little of this myself. But I would be delighted if some one could show me an example.
I ' ve got tables this : I want to merge them : In this new table , Name in Table . Articles will belong to Title column , because .. Articles . Name and Books . Title mean the same thing : ) Any answers will be very appreciated : ) Thanks 
I ' m writing a kernel ( 2.6.28 ) module that uses a dynamic timer . I ' m using the timer _ list structure as follows : This works ok for about 2 seconds until the timer expires . Then the system crashes . I ' ve also tried something this with the same result : Any help would be greatly appreciated ! 
+1 I haven't such items in the right-click menu, but Repo Browser way works great, thanks!
thanks for your reply! my original game was restored! :)
I've been using the jQuery UI Calendar / Date Picker with great success over the last couple months. I've been given a new requirement to allow for a week to be selected (Sun - Sat) rather than a single day. Has anyone accomplished this before? highlighting by week rather than day show beginning date and ending date rather than single date in textbox / labels
It may be worth taking a look at , it's a generic collection library for .NET which includes sets. Note that I haven't looked into it much, but it seems to be a pretty fantastic collection library.
Also, based on what I can see from Stas' blog entry on the subject, the unit is milliseconds, not seconds.
I ' m working with an Access database and I need to concatenate different related rows into 1 row . I found a solution and used it with great success . However I need to add extra conditions to it , it should only be done if certain other columns are equal too . For example : 1 X Alpha 2 Y Beta 1 X Gamma 1 Z Delta should become 1 X Alpha , Gamma 1 Z Delta 2 Y Beta Does anyone know to do this , especially for a newbie me ? 
Turning off hints is basically intended as a "oh shit, something is broken with hints, let's turn it off" switch.
This is just syntax sugar over what Eugene wrote . I ' m afraid that this generator could be very slow if grids are sufficiently large . After all , each yield still requires four index lookups . 
Carom3D is a great one, they seem to have mastered the physics. See these links for more info: Good luck!
I am using a regex that would basically regex for the following URL.
+1, excellent link, thanks (but then anything by Celko is bound to be!-)
When running graphics based programs in Python for S60 (PyS60) the error messages and the output of the print statement (i.e. stdout) are hidden. If due to an error application stops working as expected its lost and tracking down the bug is very difficult, sometimes require running a "second stripped version" of the code. This is obviously painful. How do I log those errors to a file, so that I may see them later.
it generate but i need But in i did not find a way how to change ID attribute . i need to use text _ field _ tag because it fills textbox with params if submit fail . if i think about im worry if i change an ID it does not fill a param ? ! 
As you may know , tonight , at exactly 23 : 31 : 30 UTC , Epoch Time will reach 1234567890 ! Hurray ! One way of watching epoch time is by using Perl : Can you do the same in another programming language ? 
@ceejayoz I use svn for development, but I really hate the idea of having many ".svn" folders in production.
That looks an excellent technique and pretty much negates my question ! : ) 
Every file has same data which is saved into Employee Table.
I have a table with a field that needs to store 512 characters . My question is this : can you limit the length of a TEXT field ( VARCHAR stops at 255 - I can ' t use it ) to 512 characters ? If I do that , will MySQL run through the table quicker due to the fixed data length , or does it act a bit VARCHAR in that the length can vary ? I don ' t have a table ( at all ) yet , but I ' m very conscious about speed and size for the future . I found this article : incredibly useful - maybe you will to ! Thanks a lot , James 
amazing. this app is perfection. 5.0 is insane.
Is there a VB6 equivalent to the C/C++ 'continue' keyword? In C/C++, the command 'continue' starts the next iteration of the loop. Of course, other equivalents exist. I could put the remaining code of the loop in an if-statement. Alternatively, I could use a goto. (Ugh!)
I am unsure how to return an array that will avoid returning CODE_FRAGMENT as an element of that array.
Excellent! Thank you for the follow-up. I added a variation above.
Any progress on this one? To embed complex functionality (including history-aware interactivity) on an MVC page without involving the rest of the page is a reasonable and common desire. The only alternative I see, to require the using page to track each components query-string state, is horrible.
In my case sometimes begins work after "Source Control/Update". Actually, its terrible bug, you have no guarantees that you see actual list!!!
I have got the result from IRC channel. The regular expression is :
Finally, ID Selectors work by specifying an id on the node.
@Matt... I'm an idiot, I used the wrong patch. Sigh.
+1. I do this in several querying libs, especially the ones that flow through to web services.
I did some research on this a few years ago ( 2005 I believe ) and I liked JNBridgePro as the best third party product to do this . Check it out here Good luck ! 
I was planning to use it with TFS.
Is it possible to use Twitter's API to grab search results? For example, if I wanted my page to show all tweets (man I hate that term) with the word "cat" in it? Is it also possible to get just the matching results that were after a certain date?
I had the same problem and I ended up doing this: The idea is that I can use heredoc without extremely ugly array formatting.
Always open in my editor is a tab with a text version of MySQL ' s manual ( ~ 100k lines in a readable layout ) , which is extremely helpful . The version I have is very old ( when 5.0 was still in beta ) , and this valuable text - file does not exist in mysql . com anymore . Is there a newer version , or some tool that can create it out of the various existing formats ? 
It's a terrible idea to include a using directive in a header file too. This simply mitigates that problem.
I just use following code right now. The table is MyISAM 90MB. terms has FULLTEXT INDEX and it is varchar(255). There are 1,000,000 rows on the table. I wonder if there is any solution which is more resource usage friendly than fulltext search on MySQL? Especially in terms of memory. By saying solution, I refer to any solution such as other types of databases, table structures etc. and if the solution would be adaptable to a standart VPS or hosting in general, it would be extremely super duper perfect! Thanks for your time!
Wow ! I have an idea of cool web 2.0 app , and i will share it with you now . Do you remember this xkcd strip : So , imagine the web - service on which high - school students list people they dated ( links to facebook profiles or smth ) , and the service provides recommendations whom to date next to create symmetric graph or any other fancy graph configuration . 
Perhaps of interest, Joel's "The Absolute Minimum Every Software Developer Absolutely, Positively Must Know About Unicode and Character Sets (No Excuses!)" http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/Unicode.html
Sorry, I took Martin's comment to mean the patch was committed and issue closed, which certainly discarded all the patches the first time around.
Thanks! This looks very promising!
Cool. sounds good to me.
I hate it none of the specified answers worked for me....
I loved the wild solution that Marcus offered and it would be great if it could be undeleted!
I personally mark most methods and properties virtual. I use proxies and lazy loading alot, so I don't want to have to worry about changing things at a later date.
They are equivalent when you use them as is with CODE_FRAGMENT.
Firebug is an excellent tool to to show a screen media CSS for some HTML element, but is there a way to look at the print media CSS too? Or is there any other tool to see the print media CSS?
``Please wait, a download is in progress ''.
Are there any tools to assist with the internationalization of Strings within JSP files? Most IDEs (for example, ) offer such a feature for Java code. However, in the case of NetBeans, no such feature exists for JSP files. With , for example, there is are various tools out there that assist with extracting text Strings from code. Something similar for JSP would be great!
Shit, there is an dependency. Please go to Preferences -> LDAP -> Entry Editor and enable the option "Show operational attributes".
I was intending on use the Title attribute in the @Page directive to customise each pages title, but it simply doesn't appear to do anything. The site uses master pages - I don't know if that is a consideration. Master Page snippet: Page snippet (from ): What is more, if I run the page through the , it complains about... end tag for "head" which is not finished ..whereas the the tag is present in the source code. I've already got a workaround in place, but it's annoying the hell out of me, so I'm determined to find a resolution!
You don't you get Neo4j cross-compiled to the client, you have to run Neo4j as part of your backend service.
helps to end arguments... there are some people that will not remember (or acknowledge) what was said during a phone conversation  replaying the call could jog their memory. also is great for replaying directions or instructions given to you during a call.
The previous solution is really great! However, I'm looking for one more feature: is it possible to eager load last subordinate record before a specific date? This is needed so that my users can browse a history a song's votes (with links to previous and next days).
It might not reproduce consistently but at one point you might see the issue again.
If your worried about other people access your web service directly, you could check the calling IP address and host header and make sure it matches expected IP's addresses. If your worried about people stealing information during it's journey from the server to the client, SSL is the only way to go.
as of 1.6.0_29 this one is the only one that worked for me
Per : https : / / support . google . com / googleplay / android - developer / answer / 3131213 ? hl = enYou need to be registered as a member of a Google + or Google Group that is designated for Beta or Alpha testing by the Developer . If you are not registered , you will only be able to download the production app from Google Play , NOT the Beta or Alpha version of the app from Google Play . Having the " link " won ' t be sufficient , you need to opt - in to the beta or alpha via Google + or Google Group . Please note that even if you properly opt - in via Google + or Google Groups as defined by the developer , you will need to wait several hours ( perhaps 2 - 8 hours ) for your status to propagate via Google Play . So , perhaps you need to wait 2 - 8 hours even if your Beta / Alpha status is proper ? Hope this helps ! 
There seem to be many excellent web frameworks for Python. Has anyone used any of these (Pylons, Web2Py, Django) with IronPython?
I recently moved from a Mac + Textmate back to Visual Studio. The one thing I absolutely loved about textmate was it's find/search feature. It made navigating solution files so easy. Is there an equivalent shortcut/addon for Visual Studio?
If you also want to display the date it can be done by using "DATE /T".
I ' m trying to get multiple rails apps hosted under the same domain , but different directories . My configuration before attempting to host multiple apps ( which works great ) , looks this : I google ' d around and found documentation suggesting I use the following configuration : That configuration , however , only causes my directory structure to be revealed , and no app appears to run . Any advice would be great ! 
As an aside, configuring the CODE_FRAGMENT that is created by the CODE_FRAGMENT is not supported.
I never said I was angry by the way. Just noting what I saw as a design flaw.
I'm receiving a recovery feed from an exchange for recovering data missed from their primary feed. The exchange strongly recommends listening to the recovery feed only when data is needed, and leaving the multicast once I have recovered the data I need. My question is, if I am using asio, and not reading from the NIC when I don't need it, what is the harm? The messages have sequence numbers, so I can't accidentally process an old message "left" on the card. Is this really harming my application?
I feel like there should be some way of doing this with the FILE_NAME but I can't figure out a way to use it to get properties from an entity.
@MaximilianBther I'm sorry to hear that... Maybe you can get in touch with the developers of BaronReplays and ask them to help you out? If not, I'm afraid I cannot help you much more! Regards, Rodit
I have 2 images inside a folder called Pics..... Image1.jpg and Image2.jpg. What code must i place inside my Submit button to just delete Image1.jpg located here "~/Pics/Image1.jpg" Any help would be great!!!
If you really worry about the performance, divide the page content into separate section and run the search process parallel !!!
ROT13. It's super efficient too!
I ' m not sure if this is a case here but if you are really worried about the gc in this case and you ' d like to better control behavior of your derived maps and thus their influence on the performance of the gc in my opinion you should take a look at the usage of different kind of references ( strong , weak , soft , phantom ) in java . Also remember that pre - optimization is a root of all evil especially in programming . 
I know the message is posted because i can access it using WEB_ADDRESS Now my new question is.
Is this valid ? what I'm really worried about is can you specify type and also use def at the same time?
updated the answer. This might help you! Great! then you might want to edit the java program and have the permission specified while the folder is created did you try chmod with 777 permission via terminal or php?
excellent! glad to hear it!
? is tooo gooood
I'm curious, shouldn't the other question be marked as a duplicate of this one? This question is two years older and has a higher rated answer.
If the user hasn ' t checked anything there will be no $ _ POST [ ' features ' ] or $ _ POST [ ' fright ' ] You need to do an isset , or more precisely a ! isset 
Excellent ! Will try it soon . But it should work i guess . 
It is a nasty bug that I've seen in real life, though.
I ' d like to know how I can draw a stepped route in . I ' ve tried all possible options but it doesn ' t seem to work . I am currently using the code below as I would with the normal drawRoute function : Any help would be extremely appreciated ! 
You're definitely suffering from "id-itis" there though. Seriously, if you have a well-known ID at the top of your structure, you don't need to ID everything else... it's just a lot more work.
I am trying to make Authlogic and Facebook Connect (using Facebook) play nice so that you can create an account either the normal registration way or with Facebook connect. I have been able to get the connect to work one way but logging out only loggs out on facebook and not on my site, I have to delete the cookies to make it working. Any help would be awesome, thank you!
I am not really sure what does the receive payment do before the shipment, it doesn't sound as if it is doing what we expect it to do.
Excellent ! You just gave me a lesson :)
That's right, I have no plans to replace the existing system, sidecar is an excellent analogy.
Wow, thanks for the answers! This helps a lot.
excellent app hi folks  i do not understand why everyone is complaining about this app. it does work as it suppose on my nexus 4 without any issues.
Awesome!!! You just saved me a LOT of work!!! Wish I could give more than just an upvote!!!
Unless you're writing code for a really critical inner loop (simulator core, ray-tracer, etc.) there is no point in worrying about any performance hits in this case. There are other more important things to worry about in your code (and other more significant performance traps lurking, I'm sure).
Is there a way to pattern match in F # so that it will check to see if both elements in a two element tuples are equal . I ' m incredibly new to F # , and also new to the whole concept of Pattern Matching in general . I was thinking something along the lines of ... But I guess that would be too easy hah . Any suggestions ? Or is there even a way to do that ? Thanks for your help , you guys are incredibly helpful ! 
Well a solution that works for me.
Is there a way to set which activity is to be started anytime the application is opened ? Obviously I have the Intent Filters android . intent . action . MAIN and android . intent . category . LAUNCHER , but I want it to reset to this activity even if the App wasn ' t completely killed ( if it wasn ' t , now it just goes back to the last activity that was open ) 
Thanks Atul,Your patch is in trunk at r933169.I just added some mod for OFBiz layered lookups comments around changes as suggested Sascha
If it's forms auth then yes, that's weird. I'm afraid I don't have any idea!
You would probably be much better off "exporting" the code to where you want to run it, so you don't have all those .svn folders lying around on your web server.
You're missing Aero? Check out http://win2008workstation.com
Wow, great ! Thanks a lot !
An excellent and elegant solution. Kudos.
I'm having trouble setting the default character set of my JVM . (and was a bit afraid of messing it up!)
@Daniel Lee: That is an excellent video! I had downloaded Automapper, but wasn't sure how to use it on anything more than the simplest object mappings. I love how some of the concepts shown help keep the code DRY.
Excellent ! I hope you liked the ` $ . when . apply ( ... ) ` with its double nested . joins . That ' s the bit I had to test . 
I'm convinced that this is a combination of Windows and Vcl issues. If I understand correctly, Vcl is using outdated Windows API calls for printers, which leads to these issues. The problem is in Windows its self, but the only reason Vcl suffers this problem is because it's using outdated Windows API calls. If the Vcl were upgraded to use the newer methods, this problem presumably wouldn't happen. At least this is my hunch.
Do you need to worry about hitting the server with too many requests at once?
Something that has always bugged me is how unpredictable the method in Javascript is. In my experience, the timer is horribly inaccurate in a lot of situations. By inaccurate, I mean the actual delay time seems to vary by 250-500ms more or less. Although this isn't a huge amount of time, when using it to hide/show UI elements the time can be visibly noticeable. Are there any tricks that can be done to ensure that performs accurately (without resorting to an external API) or is this a lost cause?
I don't know the answer to this question, but the book "Understanding the Linux Kernel" has a lot of good information on this type of stuff. It's a really great book, anyone doing kernel work should read it.
Select the JRE that is used for your projects and hit edit.
@NWest You can use a `@table` variable, which is immune from transaction rollbacks, to not need all kinds of heinous workarounds.
I don't see how this is possible, but I really, really hate to run my query an extra time just to get the record count so I can build a pager. When I say a "pager" I simply mean the common gizmo with a link for each 10 records for example.
I'm trying to compile code that I know to be working on other peoples' machines but is throwing a particular error on my system. Specifically the error relates to the printf() method The method printf(String, Object[]) in the type PrintStream is not applicable for the arguments (String, double) For instance Does anyone know why this error is cropping up? There are alternatives to using printf(), but this is very annoying!
The dreadful integer arithmetic attacks again ! When you calculate ( ( 3 + 2 + 1 ) / 100 ) , since all the operands are integers , Ruby uses integer arithmetic rather than floating point arithmetic . If you do 7 / 100 it will also return 0 , as it ' s rounded down to the nearest integer , which is 0 . 
you have to use CODE_FRAGMENT.
Some of your code seemed redundant, so I removed some. Such as defining and then duplicating it into so I just defined once. I got rid of , , and since you can just as easily enter the value directly.Then I got rid of the whole get the latest file in the log folder, and just added the content to the log file defined earlier. I changed the log entries so they were done by tabs so the entry type, date, and the actual entry all line up nicely when you view the log file.Lastly I changed the whole If>ElseIf>ElseIf thing into a Switch, because Switch is awesome and totally underused! Oh yeah, I got rid of because it's pointless to define a variable and then just echo it. What you could do is in the section have it write-host the error and call the log function again, so people are forced to enter a valid entry.
files starting with a dot can be a pain to windows based tools...
Is it possible to get a visitor flow associated with a given ga:transactionId through the Google Analytics API? There's limited availability in ga:landingPagePath, ga:secondPagePath, ga:exitPagePath and ga:pageDepth but a more complete path would be desirable Thanks!
First of all I do not think you need all these.
Your are really violating the idea of TDD if your code if doing something different for the Test. Why do you only need to change it inside the test?
Im afraid you cant do that!!!
Excellent answer ! Your recipe works a charm . 
Sorry to have not spotted this one, and thanks for your care.
@ChrisW. No worries!
I have two classes, a GUI and a Customer class. The GUI builds the frame and button, and the Customer class gets the info from a database server. I have the ActionPerformed in the Customer class, but it doesn't appear to be noticing when I click the button. Any help is extremely appreciated! GUI Class: Customer Class:
Excellent points, David. I think in Corey's case, he doesn't have an Access front end so our posts are for general knowledge that applies to most Access developers.
Is this even possible? Perhaps?
Copy any applicable preferences files in ~/Library/Preferences from a machine that you have checked "Don't show again" on.
An InputStream or a Reader is where you read your input from.
Excellent advice here , and it seems you know know this field . I hope you ' ll keep participating . 
Also note : https : / / developer . mozilla . org / en / Using _ the _ Clipboard 
I have a slider built into my web page thats dimensions and ratio alter for different screen sizes, I need the images that I place within this slider to also alter for the same purpose. The code that I have does't seem to be working, I'm a bit of a newbie to jQuery and have pieced it together myself but I think that its essentially quite close to being functional Any help would be hugely appreciated! M
Annotations like CODE_FRAGMENT and CODE_FRAGMENT will not work, unless you process them yourself and invoke the appropriate methods.
I can point what you should do then: 1. create script.php and clean all input variables from search page. 2. connect to the database and make a select statement ".. WHERE grad = '$grad' .. 3. protect your form from mysql injection.
Very nice plugin!! I really admire people that put more time into making Vim more usable. I've added your plugin to my list here: http://staff.washington.edu/ivanoats/blog/2012/01/13/making-macvim-pretty/
I cannot seem to figure out why the phpunit target does not output any test results even though I have tests in position. The problem I am finding is there is no indication as to what the problem is! Incredibly frustrating. The output is as follows: My build.xml is as follows: My system: Vista, PHP 5.2.9, PHPUnit 3.4, PHPUnderControl, CruiseControl
I have imported video FLV Player ( with no skin ) in layer ( flv1 ) The flv Player instance name is " myflvplayer1 " Actions : Frame 1 Till frame 142 there ' s animation playing , after that : ( so here video start to play in full screen ) Now when this video finishes I want it to Jump to frame label " main " Where I have put many navigation buttons ( My main menu page ) So any help will be very great . ! This is DVD based presentation , so everything is being loaded Local . 
Error starting recording, every time. OH how I hate meaningless error messages!
I am seeking excellent examples of Ruby DSLs (Domain Specific Languages). Which repositories, projects do you know of that are worth a read? Why is it (or: are they) great examples? I am particularly interested in more complex examples that are well thought-out and designed.
I think that you have a problem described in this bug report.
Try <% if(ViewContext.ViewName == "Index"){%> Should work fine !!! EDIT : REMOVED IN BETA1 Removed the ViewName property from the ViewContext class.
great! very cool app for space fans!
It just allows you to skip null checks in your equals() method.
@ Mario I disagree , while the answer is outrageously awful , it ' s still an answer . 
You need to inject LocalSessionFactoryBean into ObjectMapper.
If so, a test that succeeds with errors is confusing as hell...
He might say he didn't work on the Mac port of Excel :p
I really hate thinking that code can tell me how to think instead of me telling it what to do ... anyway ... here is an example for loading the controller rendering the page, and it can load any controller inside the helper. EDIT: just realiced this is such an old post :( ... this is working in cakephp 2.2.3
great app! i love this app! it's great to have my book lists with me wherever i go and i can easily keep track of which books i've read to each of my kids. one thing missing is the browse feature like the apple version has; i miss that! add that and i will rate 5 stars!
I like Richards update as well:) What I did was out of pure anger so it may not have been the sexiest.
Its CODE_FRAGMENT method performs the CODE_FRAGMENT / CODE_FRAGMENT test described in the assignment.
I've changed the color scheme on sublime text 2 and I really hate the colors it changed to. So what is the name of the default settings? Because I want to change it back to the standard.
The problem is that you never run the method, so the field stays at zero. It's a really terrible idea to give a field and a method the same name.
Your operating system does dozens of stat calls per second already. Don't worry about it.
The solution is crying out for the MSMQ solution but unfortunately the posting service is not on the domain. Is there anyway to post to the public queue that is on the domain from the machine in the DMZ? I could use a webservice to post but this is a extra component to maintain. The database table is the alternative solution but again it is not the ideal.
I could be missing something ( I ' m nothing of an expert ) but after following your steps I still have to package all * dll * ' s in the * exe * folder . Wasn ' t it OP ' s intention to have everything packaged into the * exe * file ? 
This is an issue with how volley handles HTTPUrlConnection and retry policy.
Have you looked into creating a plugin with waffle? From the waffle guys if should be possible to create a module using the servlet filter code. That would be a pretty awesome module for Play! I'll look into it when I get some spare time. https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!topic/waffle-users/Q9aRPJitP6g
cant read japanese if ur not japanese u can read it. put it in english so we can understand it.
For a non-installation browser based tool you can try It's free - and if you have a gmail account - no registration is needed. Makes interactive/Step by Step Or Slide Show- prototypes. You can share your protoype with anyone you choose by just sending a link. Works for us ...
Well, I was using the setControlValueToUpperCase() method too soon it seems. So changing my keydown first if statement to fixed my issue. Horray Me!!
Try: This should make it open as a pop-up (unless default browser setting are different)Although it's not recommended to use pop ups anymore because most users find it extremely annoying.Hope this helped.
My project has an object that creates a process . It this object ' s Dispose function , it kills the process ( or tries to ) . However , if the program crashes , it leaves the process running and doesn ' t clean up . Which causes the program to fail next time because it tries to launch the process again and can ' t get a lock on it . How can I make sure this process is killed ? I always use the object that creates the process in a block For reference I ' m using C # and . NET 3.5 
You do that explicitly, but they are also a transitive dependency to hibernate-validator so you would get them either way.
Also I would try: But I don't have Air installed so I can't really test this...
i've got the following code which runs a bat file. the bat file then runs some .exe .. which does some stuff. The stuff takes aroun 5-10 seconds. What i'm trying to do is leave the command window open, even after the process terminates. Is there any way to do this? Otherwise, can i get all the output of that window going to my debugger instead, so i don't need to worry about this window remaining? cheers.
We ran into the same sort of problem with Flex and JPA/Hibernate.
could some one help me how to add new css using views theme in drupal 6.0
I would really love if someone could tell me how to tell whether 2 objects have touched (An image or a button) I know how to make them draggable but not how to tell if they have touched and to do something when they touch! Thanks!
I've used Clojure, it's great for an ex-Lisper! I may do it opposite from you and learn Haskell next.
is a popular choice . It ' s a full multimedia framework much DirectShow or QuickTime , has the advantage of having legally licensed codecs available , and has excellent Python bindings . 
Wow! Very simple , but great effect...
Interesting that you decided not to detect the error based on finding two similarly-named operations.
@Jatin Can you make an answer. The link is pretty fine!!! I just need such things
I've had great success with DockPanelSuite I may post some sample code to get you started but it's fairly staright forward!
Sorry, that should have said fixed via HADOOP-4980, not 6980.
This is how you find the arc length given the parameter, but finding equidistant points requires the inverse of this function. Getting from one to the other is not trivial. @Christian Romo: how did you do it? I mean, you can just use binary search, but that would be horribly slow (for what I'm trying to do, anyway).
I thought I'd commented. Complete rubbish http://stackoverflow.com/questions/6692021/performance-space-implications-when-ordering-sql-server-columns/6692107#6692107
I was unable to get a perfect match.
excellent! it works. but could you please explain how this works? Does javascript take time to load? could a thread.sleep step done the same thing?
I doubt that Squid is so bad at it.
I impleme and But I only the second one works. Can I have them both work?
I'm quite new to this wonderfull tool that selenium is, and i'm trying to make some examples tests in my web app (html/JS). I managed to select some (most) elements withtheir id with the command but i'm unable to find some elements that do not have an tag. I tried these following lines without result, as i have have an a mix of the two aboce (alt and src in xpath and cssSelector This element HTML code is If somebody could help me, that would be very nice :) Thanks, and have a good day !
Furthermore if you need to look at the . NET / unmanaged stack just donwload and look at your w3wp . exe processes to examine memory and other stats without having to do a remote / local debugging ( just look at the . NET Tab on the properties of the process ) . It will show all the . NET performance counters for that particular process . Awesome tool ! 
So, basically you write primitives ( e.g. CODE_FRAGMENT ) or objects ( CODE_FRAGMENT ) with the CODE_FRAGMENT and then you read them back using the CODE_FRAGMENT with the corresponding CODE_FRAGMENT-methods.
I have a function: Basically it just uses the plugin to nudge an image on mouseover to one slide and then another, to give the effect of a shake. I can see my code looks absolutely horrible, (I come from a php/c# background) can anoyone suggest a better means to achieve my goal?
Yes , GridBagLayout is really painful . But it ' s still powerful . In many cases , you cannot escape from it . Lets check this tiny utility to see it it ease your pain 
? convenient but very unfriendly to the battery
Is there a way to make a TSQL variable constant?
@ajreal no worries, I think I managed to fix it!
@ Kev its a deployment headache , you can ilmerge it in ... but still its an extra bit of luggage you need to worry about 
In my case, I simply excluded the jaxb-impl that came with camel-jaxb and the application started working correctly.
worried about IE compatibility!!
I would love to have it right now for storm too. If you want me to sign up as a use case I am happy to.
pagination is the same concept with or without sql. you just need your basic variables, then you can create the content you want. here's some quasi-code: hope that helps you get started!
I am currently using the following jQuery script to highlight rows in my table , and it works great ! This works great for tables of data where each row is truly a new record , however , I have run into an issue where I have records that take up two rows of data and would like to modify the jQuery so it renders something : How would I accomplish this in jQuery where I want every 3rd row to have a class of ' alt1 ' and every 4th row to have a class of ' alt2 ' ? Thanks in advance ! 
try not to reference another post because they get out of order due to voting.
i work with Office 2007 (excell) in my C# program. i do this reference: it work excellent !, but if in the computer there is Office 2003 is it work good ? if not, what i need to do ? thank's in advance
I wanna make popover for add new event when user will click to day ( " select " callback in jsEvent . pageX and jsEvent . pageY parameter but Idea where is this popup still sticked on clicked element looks better . So my working code for stick popup to some element : html I already tried something this : But isn ' t working . Any help will very greatful ! 
We use asp . net where I work and we are using c # as the language . Will c # 3.0 work with asp . net 2.0 ? Ive been trying to pick up some books on c # , but not sure which I should be buying , any help would be greatly appreciated ! 
I have found out that certain misconfigured servers send an ``Unrecognized Name ''warning in the SSL handshake which is ignored by most clients... except for Java.
I ' m wondering how Boxcar works , anybody knows ? I know how to do the push notification from server to iPhone , but I have no clue of how to create the server to get the @ reply and dm from twitter in real time . Any suggestion on what I should look into to create the server ? Should I use Twitter ' s streaming API or User Streams API ? Any sample code , in PHP preferably , will be great : ) Thanks ! 
Say I have a string How could I check if exists in str, case insensitive?
While the examples there are pretty minimal , boto provides pretty excellent API documentation , and it looks FPS is no exception . The fps sub - package has its own . 
I have a window using a WPF ListView/GridView bound to an ObservableCollection. The performance is utterly horrific. The application chokes trying to load 300-400 items and CPU usage spikes each time an item is added/removed/modified. Profiling doesn't reveal anything obvious. Anyone have any suggestions?
battery issues. the app will usually consume 20-25% of my battery. constantly having to force stop.
Are both native libraries packaged into a signed jar which is listed as In the JNLP file?
That's excellent! Please post it as an answer so I can accept it.
Connections, on the other hand, are expensive and need to be managed carefully by the application.
You DO need to modify web . xml whenever it ' s needed . Especially with JAX - RS , you will have to define your servlet in web . xml . I recommand you to use Maven . There are plenty of exemple in the web to do so . Good luck , JAX - RS is really great ! Maven is also nice . 
I am not familiar with the instance manager, but I have used on several systems (including a remotely hosted server) with great success. It supports MySQL 5.0 and 4.1.
who the hell starts using our jira for typing lessons ?!?
Thanks a lot, Jon for signing up this.
Instead of this just use . THis will help you to come back to the previous activity . As per your code , the application was completely killed . 
I'm trying to create a small snippet to allow the onloaded image to be adjusted to fit the users resolution. And then allow the user to toggle between the actual image size, and the adjusted image size for their resolution. Here's what I got so far: Any help is greatly appreciated!
this worked excellently, great job! :)
after some tests i found a fast solution , you can add in top of your index page: it work very fine :)
Jonathan's comment sums up my feeling. In EF4, char(1) fields come across as string, so MS obviously recognized the pain.
The only thing to take in account is that templates must be staticly generated ( in order to be processed at compile-time ).
When you submit a form, does the button that was clicked get posted also?
It would be cooler if you could
Thanks for that - I figured that was probably the best solution. Very good answer too!
It says that you dont export the JUnit Library into the build, and if the build relies on the functionality of that lib, there might occur CNF-Exceptions.
Let's find out, how scoped beans do work.
Maybe do a setTimeout for the length of the video and fire an event once the length of the video has passed. Try this to detect when the window loses focus: If you're really worried about the accuracy of setTimeout, maybe try this:
I cannot seem to figure out why the phpunit target does not output any test results even though I have tests in position. The problem I am finding is there is no indication as to what the problem is! Incredibly frustrating. The output is as follows: My build.xml is as follows: My system: Vista, PHP 5.2.9, PHPUnit 3.4, PHPUnderControl, CruiseControl
Does anyone know the thinking behind removing this option?
I'm pretty sure you want a datetime or timestamp column in that table, too: I can't imagine a variant of the app you describe where it would be irrelevant WHEN a status update was posted!
Distinct is in Linq, not System.Collections.Generic as reported by the MSDN page.
It may suck, but at least *I* won't be the one bringing in a dumb dependency to a logging library.
I've never come across native support for this (although that'd be pretty awesome), but there *might* be a plugin (or you could write it yourself!).
But now I think the problem is, JNA creats temp files for the native librarys wit ``jna ''prefix and a unique generated numeric value.
Great question ! I also find myself a little lost in WPF because of the amount of flexibility it offers and have been looking for guidance in how to choose fonts , layout , spacing , colors , etc . I ' ve had a hard time finding books or websites to improve my UI design skills , so I hope we find great answers here ! 
Good Morning, - a really awesome grid for desktop and mobile Here are a few resources that might get you on your way! JMax
Is there a way to show an image up as greyscale, using purely javascript?
I m using Watir..w Ruby.. Excellent!!!
Yes it is a dup, thanks Mike for taking care of this (I planned to do this yesterday but didn't make it)
I find by Martin Fowler to be an excellent overview of a variety of UI architectures. Hope it helps :)
In addition to firebug ( which should be your first port of call ) , the will also tell you where a given style is sourced from , just in case IE - shock , horror - should be different . 
huh ... i thought i did resolve this.
Drama-free and practical. +1.
Wow that was exactly what I wanted ! So the second solution I showed is somewhat similar to what he ' s describing but he describes also extremely elegant triggers that would keep all the data fully sane without any external code sanitization ! I think I will go with that design ! 
Short answer : no , there is no way for your application to be aware ( for instance with an event that is raised ) that its hosting process has been brutally killed . 
Tried some more stuff and realized I was doing it wrong.
Pull it back in if you think different.
What makes you think it can't?
Apart from the books available from , I am looking for some links to any resources that could help in learning the VTK library. Preferably, with example code and tutorials. Google results have not been terribly informative for me. So I am asking here for links to VTK resources.
PHPExcel, so you did wrote that library. Excellent! For now max entries of CSV is 100,000 for a test. Maybe I lurk around with it if you introduce how to do that? thanks
Reviewing the MSDN docs for the functions listed , I see that the function checks with the SMBIOS table, which is referenced by a standard It appears that you indeed can find the information you seek through the BIOS. You may have to install a driver to get that information out to your program. Good luck!
? fails to download  phone has sufficient memory and specs!
Can you do something like this were Java is FILE_NAME library.
That's very sad and the issue was opened a year ago...
Your implementation looks absolutely fine to me! A range-based away subscript is a type for performance reasons. It does not copy the indicated sub-array, instead it just points to the range defined by the you provide to the subscript.
I have looked and found that there are some packages that would automatically enter my keyring on login but that isn't really an option.
I think it should be a warning . Generally speaking , the common rule is that ' you should treat warnings as errors ' . If I unintentionally write unreachable code , I will see it in the warnings , and fix it anyway . However , sometimes , Neil says , you intentionally create dead code , for debugging purposes or whatever reason . I ' d really , really hate it if the compiler would not let me do that . 
i have: how can i get the innerHTML of the child of "td1" ? dosen't work.
According to the documentation in VB6 the Mid function returns a variant, but Mid$ returns a string and apparently this is more efficient. My questions are : What simple test can I use to discern the difference in performance ? I tried looking at simple app which did a few string operations, with , but there was no discernible difference. Is it worth worrying about? I've gotten into the habit of using the $-ized functions, but should I recommend everybody on my team to use it as well ?
Great question ! ! I ' m hoping to use something migrations with Django too . 
Theoretically if you wrap the functions of each file in a separate class then you can call them both without problems. You don't even need to really worry about class state if you call them statically.
Oh wow! That does an excellent work! Thank you!
Think of an CODE_FRAGMENT as a CODE_FRAGMENT stripped of it assigned time zone.
I have seen a lot of examples of Ruby classes that utilize the method of and I am not sure what the advantage of using it would be. Example: Any insight would be extremely helpful! Thanks!
On the client side, you check the progress every few seconds until you see it's finished.
You are going to kill me when I say this, but it seems alike we should just commit your first patch.
I've always been a bit frightened of Python. Is it not a relatively massive leap from an ingrained Web development mindset?
Can anyone help me add children to a plist ? I think I want to record an index of rows from the plist and then state which index row to write the key too . I ' m not sure how to say if the key will be a string , dictionary or array . The following is code from another question on adding a key to root . Any help would be extremely appreciated : ) 
I have just started using Vim in a terminal ( PuTTY or MinTTY ) , after always using gVim . However , when using syntax highlighting , rather than the actual text colour changing appropriately , its background is changed to whatever colour -- and it looks horrible ! I ' ve set my terminal to use 256 colours and downloaded a 256 colour colour scheme . I checked that the and settings are as I expect , but I still get this problem ... Is this a Vim or a terminal configuration issue ? 
Is there any way we could implement vertical lines in a jquery file tree?
because it is terribly difficult to get right. But I mention `boost::iterator_facade`.
x( works but wish it could send pictures and text. its too simple. they should add features to be like voxer!
From my own experience, Microsoft SQL Compact Framework is a REAL NO-GO. It is REALLY FREAKING slow and its Query Analyzer is just really poor. I had to ask my team to rewrite all the plumbing code of my Windows Mobile component to get rid of the awful performances of SQL CE.
Second: you are mixing CODE_FRAGMENT ( instantiation through JSF ) with CODE_FRAGMENT.
use an CODE_FRAGMENT and add a FILE_NAME if not in there already.
This question is awfully vague.. and doesn't seem to have anything to do with programming..
I would like to strip everything in a string before a - and leave what ' s after that . For example : 15.11 - 101 I want to strip 15.11 and leave 101 . I ' ve tried a few different things , but can ' t seem to get it working , if anyone could help me out , that ' d be fantastic : ) Cheers Leanne 
For some mystic reason, the workflow is not enetering if ( )... Same exact code runs perfectly if I directly paste FILE_NAME files from Eclipse's bin folder.
To expand on my comment , if you don ' t already see then benefits of relative positioning then I ' ll assume you are a begginer . Here is a useful video to help you re - design you page : Also , this is useful for comparing when each positioning method is best used : And finally a general website that will be extremely useful for you in the near future may be ! 
Cool feature! Performance: - It looks alike scripts are read from the resource loader and parsed again( eval) for every update request. "
Uh, Fire Lancer, read the docs. "Example #2 array_filter() without callback"
Is there a way to pattern match in F # so that it will check to see if both elements in a two element tuples are equal . I ' m incredibly new to F # , and also new to the whole concept of Pattern Matching in general . I was thinking something along the lines of ... But I guess that would be too easy hah . Any suggestions ? Or is there even a way to do that ? Thanks for your help , you guys are incredibly helpful ! 
Also, if you are worried about trips to the db, make steps into a stored procedure. Then you have one trip.
Google showed me: However, it removes the blinking carets from ALL of your applications [which includes eclipse], so you probably won't want that ._. Unless.. you totally abhor blinking carets
Take a look at . Bear in mind that running both side by side is not supported by Microsoft ( ) and there ' s no guarantee that they will work absolutely fine side by side - a Windows Update could easily break something and sometimes people find conditional comments don ' t work properly amongst other things . All I can suggest is you give it a go and see how you get on . 
Excellent, I'm glad that worked for you!
It also happens at the very startup after he has loaded only 3 sstables( hence DataTracker likely have 3 sstables, not a shit load).
you have to use symlinks instead of an alias... sad there is no ui for that! you have to go into the Terminal and type: the first PATH is the base path of the original file and the second is for the base path for the symlink of the file/folder etc
Very good point! I've changed my example code.
For , searching the web seems to show for no sound, for full sound.
I wish I'd have found this question yesterday, as it has been causing me grief for hours! Surely this is a bug with the emulator?
I have a bunch of .NET frameworks installed on my machine. I know that with the Java JDK, I can use the 6.0 version to target 5.0 and earlier. Can I do something similar with the .NET framework - target 1.0 and 2.0 with the 3.0 framework?
We have released a beta version of our software, and as we talked to people who started using it, we have found that a lot of the features (which we thought were essential) were not known and not used by the users. What are the possible ways to inform the application users about the features of the application? I personally find the "Tip of the day" popups extremely annoying and disable them quickly. Are there better ways?
But it isn't working like I expected.
If you're debugging at the instruction level rather than the source level, it's an awful lot for you easier to map unoptimized instructions back to the source. Also, compilers are occasionally buggy in their optimizers. In the Windows division at Microsoft, all release binaries are built with debugging symbols and full optimizations. The symbols are stored in separate PDB files and do not affect the performance of the code. They don't ship with the product, but most of them are available at the .
Thanks for the tips! Loving StackOverflow!
Awesome!! http://haacked.com/archive/2009/12/02/t4-template-for-less-css.aspx
I realize this is old, but there is an absolutely fabulous PHP Activecord library called, appropriately, PHP Activerecord. I've used it for several months and it blows away the other libraries. Check it out:
I don't think that you can... But if you can I'd love to see how!
I have a password that I want to store as property in a Web Part that can be set via the tool pain. Currently it is a String and can be clearly read. How would I go about making it * out? If this is the wrong way to be doing this what would you advice to do instead?
After entering the details, when the button is clicked, the entered data must be displayed as shown below, but I am not sure how to align it.
I think you should be able to make your connection without doing a lot of contortions with your database. It's just a matter of getting the right connection string in your code. Check out this very excellent reference -- scroll down for SQL Express tips. http://www.connectionstrings.com/sql-server-2008
You need to escape dot.
Per https : / / developer . apple . com / library / ios / documentation / LanguagesUtilities / Conceptual / iTunesConnect _ Guide / Chapters / ChangingAppStatus . html # / / apple _ ref / doc / uid / TP40011225 - CH30 - SW1The " pending an Apple Release " means : Apple is holding your app version until the corresponding Apple iOS or OS version is released to the public . If you think an app should be released on existing iOS or OS versions , review the deployment target set in your app binary . If you rebuild your app binary with a different deployment target , reject the binary for this version and submit the new version . Sounds you need to review the deployment target and if you change it , reject the binary and re - submit . If you need help with rejecting the binary , please let me know . Hope this helps ! 
found a solution , would still love to see alternatives ! 
If DevStudio is crashing a lot on you, you might try uninstalling any add-ins and extensions as a first step. It might save you a lot of pain.
great job! this is a super app  very useful and user friendly  easily personalized and adjustable. it works for me anyway. helps you stay on track and see how much time you are spending or wasting. if you forget to start it or want/need to input an activity/event you are tracking time for  it's easily done manually. "notes" space is useful for more detail/info associated with a specific day's task. so many ways this can be used to track time spent on tasks and projects for business  personal  family  pleasure  etc.
Great comment ! In my case it doesn ' t get larger than 64bit , but it is still interesting , what to do if it does ? Why should I use " double " in such case ? 
I really really hate to ask this, but did you try rebooting?
Have a look at . (Except for it being the foundation of their incredibly great IncrediBuild product, I haven't used it, though.)
I'm trying to build 3 packages, A, B and C. A defines some base classes that are used in B and C. I've got all 3 of them in the same project group, all set up to output to the same custom BPL output folder. This folder is in the search path for B and C. But when I go to build B and C, the compiler chokes on the Requires list. "Required package 'A' not found." How do I tell B and C where to find A so they'll build correctly?
Ah - make me look lazy! (guilty)
i think that scope of ' killed ' is ok . 
After looking at the answers below, I am very sad that this is an example of backwards progress for SSRS.
([0-1 ]?[0-9]|2[0-3]):([0-5][0-9]) I think that's the regex you're looking for (not specifically for javascript though). This site has an excellent amount of info for language-specific regular expressions! Cheers!
I went on and assumed you meant to quantify it as greedy, hence the CODE_FRAGMENT in my example, instead of non-quantified CODE_FRAGMENT in your question.
This is a horrible solution . It will silently fail for floats . It also lacks parentheses . 
Here is addendum to fix (Sorry about build breakage)
Though be aware that if the starting string is all upper case, you have to call `String.ToLower` first, since `ToTitleCase` doesn't work on all upper case strings.
Say, after several text appended to a text area, I want this to be appended.
Anti-JavaScript snobbery! Every language uses a separate platform on some level to parse and execute the code. JavaScript is just another language, capable of writing "programs" or "scripts".
To convert raster images to vectorial images, I found (free) to do an excellent job (comparable to VectorMagic, which is not free anymore by the way). In Inkscape, import your image and use the Path/Trace Bitmap function. It has a lot of control. Once you converted to a vectorial image, save it as a SVG. Then, using , you can convert to XAML vector data. (Path & Canvas)
I know you can have pre and post build events at a project level, but I want to stop and start a service at the beginning and end of a build of the solution -- i.e. when I do a 'Build Solution' the service is stopped and the last action of the build is to re-start the service. There are no build events on the solution property page, so what should I do? I'm guessing that I can add tasks to the msbuild file but I'm afraid I don't understand the relationship between VS and msbuild at all. Does VS execute msbuild with the SLN file?
The biggest problem is that we've had too many committers over the years and we'd have to get all of their permission to change it.
Create the number of buttons that you want with different button id.
Has anyone found a way to change the icon displayed in the Office Button in A2007? Having converted an MS Access 2003 app to 2007, it's very annoying that my app is now displayed as an MS Office app instead!
Does anyone know how to add an item to a list but do it so it ' s ordered alphabetically using jQuery ? I ' ve got the following code that just adds an item from a dropdown to the end of the list : but I ' d like to be able to insert it in its appropriate place instead of just appending to the end of the existing list . Any help is greatly appreciated ! Thanks ! 
To upgrade to a recent version of Jackrabbit, see http://wiki.apache.org/jackrabbit/BackupAndMigration.I'm afraid I can't say much about the risk.
Your LogErrors method is great! Literally saved me today.
Amazing how well this works ! I had excellent answers immediately ! It ' s I ' m living in the future ! 
Back in the day I had to solve this with a panel where the text box is a component inside and had DockPadding set to 3 or 4 pixels. I'd then style that panel to a single pixel. I always found this really annoying!
Is this the correct way to display posts on the app page?
I've heard rumours that Angry Birds can make you throw little birds on green pigs, and that you cannot do that in Visual Studio!
Just started testing as a CRM solution for our company. Someone asked for a Google map on the page showing our upcoming engagements. I know Zoho provides an API that allows accessing its data from the outside, but I actually need to integrate the map on the data-entry form. If anyone could provide a pointer to any mashup with Zoho CRM (be it Google MAps, Bing Maps, or any similar web service), I would be extremely grateful.
Fantastic answers! Thanks a ton!
Dude I feel your pain. I used my blogger address but since moved my blog. I don't want to continue using my blogger address as my id now there is a google option.
That is, it checks to see if these two objects are literally the same spot in memory.
That sounds alike a plan. I love peer - reviews...: -)
The documentation mentioned has no clear path to completion.
I absolutely * love * your title ! But your question will need some more details if you need some help . Do you have any code you ' ve tried ? 
cutiest emoticons cute emoticons to have fun..
I think what he means is, you can't just read: myService.DoSomething() and go to the definition of DoSomething, because with IoC, myService is just an interface, and the actual implementation is unknown to you, unless you go look it up in xml config files or the main method where your ioc gets setup.
CODE_FRAGMENT creates a capturing group, to be referenced later.
To add something to this ( cause I found it while searching on this problem , and my solution involved slightly more ) ... If you don ' t have a " Browse with ... " option for . aspx files ( as I didn ' t in a MVC application ) , the easiest solution is to add a dummy HTML file , and right - click it to set the option as described in the answer . You can remove the file afterward . The option is actually set in : C : \ Documents and Settings [ user ] \ Local Settings \ Application Data \ Microsoft \ VisualStudio [ version ] \ browser . xml However , if you modify the file directly while VS is running , VS will overwrite it with your previous option on next run . Also , if you edit the default in VS you won ' t have to worry about getting the schema right , so the work - around dummy file is probably the easiest way . 
You can look at the readme document on Github repository to get started.
That ' s really bad . GWT looks extremely ugly with IE8 default ! 
Still that does not guarantee that the first thread will run and only then the second one will check if the size > 0.
I was wondering if there was somewhere I could get some starter kit / theme sample for ASP.NET. I am not a designer, but I need to build a prototype for a project, and if I do it myself it'll certainly be awful Do you know where I could find that (ASP.NET specific)?
I'm a new user to the site, and new to VBA. I'm just trying to get the contents of multiple text boxes (from many different sheets) into one sheet. Right now, I've been stuck on getting the information from a single text box into a variable. At this point in time, I just want it to retain the line feeds (new line, enter, return, etc). Even if I could just copy/paste the information, at this point, I can't even access the text box via VBA. If anyone could help out, that'd be really great! Thanks.
@SteveKehlet however I believe it is more cleverly referred to as "cat abuse"
After reading the Head First Design Patterns book and using a number of other design patterns, I'm trying to understand the Observer pattern. Isn't this already implemented using Events in the .NET Framework?
This will disable your submit button for 5 seconds : You would also want to make sure , that the malicious user doesn ' t submit the form by other means ! Make sure to run server - side validation : 
But they fixed it, and you don't have to worry about it as long as you set the correct doctype, to make IE not be in quirks mode.
Is your test case exhibiting this behavior in jsfiddle? I have tried it in Firefox, Chrome and Safari and do not see the shrinking you're talking about, although Chrome and Safari force a left-margin indent while dragging. (???) &#xA;&#xA;
Perhaps I'm missing something with the concept of Extension Methods, but I cannot gain access to the Extension Methods within the KeyCollection Class as defined here: . Using the following code excerpt: I can only gain access to the "standard" KeyCollection methods (CopyTo, Equals, Finalize, etc) but cannot gain access to the extension methods (Aggregate, All, Any, etc). Any help would be greatly appreciated! Thank you!
At first we need to check that type is actually inherits from CODE_FRAGMENT.
if you are really worried use files and read and write to it in chunks?
e.g. see WEB_ADDRESS.
ROFL! Upvoted for the hilarious title! :D
Not sure I want the transient inability to clean up some local log or other trivial task to kill a whole pig job?
I'm afraid not, I ended up just removing some of the deeper folders to work around the issue - not ideal!
Is it possible to use some kind of attribute to throw an exception . This is what I mean . Instead of doing this : Do something this : Any help would be greatly appreciated ! Best Regards , Kiril 
Excellent, thanks! This was very useful to me.
I have a query that has approx 20 columns and I would like to export this to an Excel file with the column headers . I thought this would be easy to figure out but no luck ! I searched the web and found one suggestion that did not end up working so I am stuck . Anyone have any working ideas ? Thanks , 
@KubaOber, I was in the process of revising the answer, but see you've already answered it.
So, I thought I could create FILE_NAME that counts and pass the stream through a API_NAME code is in this answer.
Background : The MSMQ is hosted on Windows 2003 . The queue that will receive the messages is a public queue . I have installed MSMQ HTTP Support on the server . From some of the white papers on MSDN , it appears that you can insert messages into MSMQ using SOAP / XML . The process , however , of just finding the WSDL endpoint is not clear to me . Any help you could offer would be greatly appreciated ! Wish you the best ! 
You should be able to do this by adding the parameter CODE_FRAGMENT.
Oh , absolutely horrible practice . But still the answer he was looking for . 
Is there a standard way to see how much stack space your app has and what the highest watermark for stack usage is during a run? Also in the dreaded case of actual overflow what happens? Does it crash, trigger an exception or signal? Is there a standard or is it different on all systems and compilers? I'm looking specifically for Windows, Linux and Macintosh.
Perhaps pipe the users through Google ' s Web Transcoder - http : / / google . com / gwt / n then you don ' t have to worry about the WML conversion , as google will translate your page into WML . 
I agree with this. For *non-essential services* increasing timeouts is incredibly frustrating.
Sounds you are looking for a JSMin tool or similar . There are many tools which you can purchase , but there are also some online tools you can use : Good Luck ! 
Use the . It has a Desktop Form for exactly that , and I like it , even if tabs are all the hype now . I already used it with great success ! 
Thanks Todd, glad to be on board!
I really hate using GUI-designer for writing a swing application :(
I've just been looking at php's autoload() function. Seems a nice idea, but I'm not sure how it handles multiple directories. My current development basically has a library directory structure grouping classes into subdirectories by operation. I'm wondering I have to declare a include() for each directory ... which I really hope I don't have to do. Can you advise - thanks
Unfortunately the SMBIOS UUID is not unique on all systems. It should be but it isn't. This is not because of a failure in the specification of the SMBIOS UUID, but is due to the fact that many manufacturers don't follow the spec when creating this UUID. For more information about how this goes wrong in practice see this Intel blog and the following instructive tale has some really awful examples from the real world: . By the way there is another more informative topic on stackoverflow about creating machine unique id's at
Thanks. That was a really great pointer!
Excellent! it's very useful to me!
I need to specifically catch SQL server timeout exceptions so that they can be handled differently. I know I could catch the SqlException and then check if the message string Contains "Timeout" but was wondering if there is a better way to do it?
You should never use a named mutex - never say never. If malicious code is running on my machine, I'm probably already hosed.
humans only agree with each other 70% of the time even in polarity sentiment analysis. Jeff's point, while not very encouraging, does accurately reflect how extremely difficult is to get anywhere with this.
she records the class (the computer screen shot) but it's very useless! she confuses herself and the class..
The length of a Python Unicode string in a narrow-Unicode build is the number of UTF-16 *code units*, not actual Unicode code points. Truncating and other slicing options that go by arbitrary index can indeed split a surrogate pair in half, with the result of some missing/replaced characters. On a narrow build, `unichr(0x10345)` simply fails; `len(u'\U00010345')` is `2`. This is the price you pay for easy interaction with Win32 UTF-16LE APIs. Most other environments use UCS-4 which doesn't suffer from any such problem.
indeed, I HATE IT! But sadly no, i could not find an alternative... Sorry :(
I've notice that some of the feeds had false value.
Enlightenment DR16 is packaged with openSUSE 11.1 but it's a bit painful to use with KDE apps as there's no obvious (on the Enlightenment site, google etc.) way to provide a systray for KDE apps that require one (e.g., ktorrent). Anyone know of a way around this? I'm not using e for the eye-candy - I'm running on a 2.6GHz Celeron and KDE (4.1) performance isn't exactly stellar so I'm trying out a few alternatives.
Oh, I did not know that. As usual, IE comes out to be a pain in the a**!
+1 for umbraco. It has never ever limited me in any way. It does have a learning curve, but once you get to know the basics of the system, you'll be amazed what things can be done in a short period of time. Also, great supporting community!
Make a canvas path glow by applying a series of overlapping shadows with increasing blurA Demo : http : / / jsfiddle . net / m1erickson / Z3Lx2 / You can change the styling of the glow by varying the number of overlays and the blur size . Example code for a glow effect : To get the outline path of your phone image , you can use the " marching ants " algorithm . This algorithm will create a path that outlines an image . In your case you would define the image as all pixels that are not transparent . Here ' s a very good implementation of " marching ants " that is used in the excellent d3 library : https : / / github . com / d3 / d3 - plugins / blob / master / geom / contour / contour . jsIt ' s used this : DrawImage your phone on the canvas . Get the pixel color array from the canvas using ctx . getImageData Define a function that checks the pixel array for non - transparent pixels at any x , y on the canvas . Call the contour function : Here ' s an example result : the glow is automatically generated using overlapping shadowsthe outline path of the phone is calculated using the marching ants algorithm 
Becouse the web service is being used to intergrade in with a 3rd party data feed, that the customer wishes to be able to setup without having to wait for the next release of the software. E.g Excel can inport data from a web service without Microsoft kowning about the WSDL when they wrote Excel!
I am trying to search my bash history similarly as with CTRL-r, but to forward direction. It has been a pain for me, when I just hit once too often CTRL-r, to find the previous command again. How can you forward search your Bash history similarly as in reverse searching?
No worries! If I come across anything I'll post it up here. Cheers
What you'll want to do is get the CODE_FRAGMENT of FILE_NAME using the CODE_FRAGMENT method then use the CODE_FRAGMENT method of the CODE_FRAGMENT to retrieve all of the ``getter ''methods of the bean.
The prevalence of memory leaks in programs with manual memory management kind of disproves your thesis that it's easy to establish upper bounds of a C/C++ programs's space usage. That said, excellent question!
I'm trying to make our mySQL database run faster and I've analyzed our slow query log and the most common slow query is this: I'm trying to understand why this query keeps getting called because after the table is setup it should not keep happening. The EXPLAIN result for this is: Cannot convert to a SELECT statement. Any ideas on this would be fantastic! Paul
In Sql Server 2005, set auto create statistics and auto update statistics. You won't have to worry about creating them or maintaining them yourself, since the database handles this very well itself.
I've handled the 404 by doing this in the global.asax file Now, if anyone can help me with the google widget that would be great!
Otherwise, it is important to have the callback instance deregister itself in it's finalize method.
You have a lot of tuning parameters and I would challenge that you need the majority of them.
OK , then , no solution that going DB mysql ... so sad ! : - ( i will close the question ! 
how can i check that my UTF-8 data is all 3-byte Unicode ?
I did a quick Google search and didn't see anything super-great to automate creation and updating of my google sitemap for the ruby on rails app. Any suggestions?
Excellent! Tank you so much, much appreciated.
I was not aware of being required to call that method.
Here is the code that i am using to post a comment.
@Lance: the first one is also executing. Compare it with a named constructor: this is actually also executing code. The same goes for the anonymous constructor... But that was not the question ;-)
Anyone else get this or suffer from this ? I am using Vista and VS 2008 and when I goto open a Web Site it literally takes 2 ~ 3 minutes for the dialog box to show up . Once i actually select a website it ' s not a problem but getting to that point hangs VS really bad . 
average no doubt the art work of the game is original and fits the environment well  but that alone does not make a good title. the gameplay is interesting but lacks a real reason to come back or be played over another game. the split screen in the only feature that stood out but even then it got boring quickly. i liked the game  thought it was promising  but a lack of ideas to keep me playing made the experience fall short.
I have tried using both a VBox and an HBox but I am not able to see a difference in my result.
This is an open-ended question. What approaches should I consider?
We have a Java web application served from Apache Tomcat 6.
@ Brian : You will probably agree that a ) it is not a real question as far as grammar is concerned , and b ) that this sentence is a totally buried in the text . You simply might get better answers if you make this a real question . Especially the first paragraph seems completely superfluous . 
The problem is that you wrote.
If you're really worried about string/character size, have you thought about compressing them? That would automatically reduce the string to it's 'minimal' encoding. It's a layer of headache, especially if you want to do it in memory, and there are plenty of cases in which it wouldn't buy you anything, but encoding, especially, tend to be too general purpose to the level of compactness you seem to be aiming for.
No worries! How do I determine the difference between template or class?
I generally use a manual process: Look at the page, figure out the semantic elements, and build the HTML Slice up the images I think I'll need Start writing CSS Tweak and repeat different steps as necessary Got a better approach, or a tool?
I stumbled upon this site and really loved the way they have done the navigation on the left hand site. I noticed that site is using jquery but didnt see any plugins. Any ideas on how to go about doing this?
It's a very painful process to ajax `files` to a server side script. You might try: http://fineuploader.com/
You would only need parsers and a successor to each parser.
I can't help think that making XML ad XMLList both unrelated, as in both extend Object directly, is a design flaw in the AS3 core library. Surely having XML extend XMLList would be a much cleaner system, where XML is considered an XMLList with only one member? This would also avoid the very annoying practice of an E4X query possibly returning either an XML or XMLList, which can result in a casting error. So is there any reason I'm not thinking of that XML and XMLList were designed to only have Object as a common type?
What is the difference between the events vs ? When does each event get hit?
It seems some of the wrappers in ink_hrtime.h() might no longer be used either, e.g. ink_gettimeofday() is never used, so lets get rid of that shit.
@AlexK. excellent thought. Edited.
I am trying to change a bit-map's pixel color if it's white. I wrote following code. But it's awfully slow!. i want to check if a pixel's color is white or not, and if it is white, change the color to black. Can anybody suggest a better approach?
I would agree except they are related and I really hated the idea of writing 4 separate questions since they seemed to close.
It is extremely unreliable and if there are constant builds going you never know the actual build is broke.
I am currently working on an n-tier system and battling some database performance issues. One area we have been investigating is the latency between the database server and the application server. In our test environment the average ping times between the two boxes is in the region of 0.2ms however on the clients site its more in the region of 8.2 ms. Is that somthing we should be worried about? For your average system what do you guys consider a resonable latency and how would you go about testing/measuring the latency? Karl
excellent, just found "randomize" in the documentation! perfect: {:data => @json, :options => { :do_clustering => true, randomize: true} }) %>
That's the simplest query to return the result set in your example.
I need to transform this : into this : I tried to use wrapAll with jquery , something that : Any suggestions would be really appreciated : ) Thank you very much ! 
regret buying this app fcs so randomly that it's almost impossible to use it for longer period of time.  lack of updates have made it even more impossible to use.  haven't seen even a single much requested feature by the community being implemented in this app despite being ok play store for more or less 4 months now.  disappointed.
@PaulMougel,Thanks Super Great! it works! I added it (res.end()) habitually and have never thought it might could be the reason. Happy New Year. Thank again you so much.
Basically I am looking for the guidelines for How to approach on hard ware sizing for a given requirements . what are the parameters need to consider to arrive at sizing decisons . It will be really great if any body can help on identifing sizing details for appserver , webserver , database etc .. Please 
No worries! I've done the same thing many times on SO.
I think its quite simple. ("20"..."40").each { |hz| p hz + 'Hz'}
Pull it back in if you think different.
i really like this game!!!!!! this is a good game!!!!
I am getting very strange flickering on a WPF application of mine. It only happens with alpha blended content, only on my computer, and only with WPF applications. At least I haven't noticed it with anything else. It's really annoying! Has anyone else dealt with this weirdness?
Awesome solution Binod, works perfectly! This was a lifesaver, thanks so much.
convert PDF to SVG characters with font, size, x/y, etc. ( PDFBox does this ).
I am new to fluent nhibernate and nhibernate. I want to write a fluent nhibernate autopersistence convention to handle creating the many to many mappings for my entities. This is what I have right now: It seems to work, but I feel that there is a better way to do this. Now my questions: Do you have a better way to do this? Do you usually want the Cascade behavior here? Do I need to worry about something besides making sure both sides of this association end up with the same table name?
I figured out , way of calling the Hub was not correct . For the time being i have modified my code as in Global . asax : - Works absolutely fine now : ) Still figuring out better alternatives ! ! ! ! 
There are really excellent tools for handling this sort of task in . NET without having to resort to the regex hammer . This will also be more reliable than a regular expression based solution . I ' d suggest that you take a look at . 
I want to parse XML formatted string. How to use XML parser on MonoTouch?
Assume we want to validate user input, while user is typing in a JTextField. For validating the user input, I wonder if I could use Ragel. Assume the input should follow this example regex: How can I do this with ragel? Can anybody give a short example how to validate user input "on the fly" (while inputing) with ragel? The Ragel documentations misses some good examples for a Quick Start, so I ask here.
{quote} searcher.getAtomicReader(). getSortedDocValues(uniqueKey); {quote} This is a performance killer."
I wrote a tool to create SVG maps : which also has a world map that you can customize to your liking : Hope this will help you or any other folks who are after a customizable world map ! 
So, this answer only shows a *way* of achieving IoC rather than explaining the concept, is that right?
Wow, I've just had a look at the Corona SDK. It looks excellent! A really intuitive way to build apps. Thanks for the tip!
I want to compare columns on the basis of parameter e.g. Any suggestions?
Interesting idea. Best of luck!
EDIT: I guess I need to rephrase my queries.
Thanks Dominic, this is really great! Tell me if I got this right: you create a heightmap, add noise to it, then assign tiles according to the height of each position?
This was a very bad bug, introduced by me being an idiot.
Is there a way that I can get a list of the models that a particular model belongs to in Rails? For example: Hope this makes some kind of sense!
the problem that I am having is while designing an email to be sent to users the border of the HTML table is not disappearing even though it is set to 0 and so leaves horrible white lines through areas which are menu to be solid blue colors, below is my HTML code! Untitled Document
Need to do it without using any swing or other GUI as background process.
I've heard that unit testing is "totally awesome", "really cool" and "all manner of good things" but 70% or more of my files involve database access (some read and some write) and I'm not sure how to write a unit test for these files. I'm using PHP and Python but I think it's a question that applies to most/all languages that use database access.
I am looking to have an embedded youtube video with several images below it that correspond to different youtube videos . I want to set it up so that when an image is clicked on , the video above changes to whichever video corresponds with the clicked image . An implementation of this can be seen here : I am trying to implement this into a wordpress site and I really only have skill in HTML and CSS . I would very greatly appreciate if someone could help me with the code for this ! 
Is there a shorthand for a new line character in Scala? In Java (on Windows) I usually just use "\n", but that doesn't seem to work in Scala - specifically outputs in Eclipse, (sic) from the command line, and from the REPL (GREAT SUCCESS!) works, but is there anything shorter?
I just hate having no clue what a file is really depending on ;)
Trying to get S60 SDK working on Linux is quite a pain . Still struggling with that . 
beautiful widget. only problem i think is inspite of turning gps off  the app is continuously using it as shown by my battery usage statistics.
Recently, I tried to implement the AppBarLayout with tabs.
I have the following installed: (for VS 2005) (.Net regex compatible find and replace, because VS has its own regex syntax)
By the way, as a side note, you should be using `using(Stream s = ...)` statement instead of manually writing a try {} finally {} block which might be error prone and also a pain to write.
That irritated the hell out of me too, but I didn't realise it was configurable in the .launch file.
thanks to Ernst Fastl for adding this.
You could achieve all this with reflection but it would lead to a really horrible code. You'd better access individual members of the view model:
You should definitely HTML encode before assigning posted content to the HTML body of an email. Your code should already be rejecting content such as '<script>' as invalid, not just in the case of an email but in all cases. There are no other considerations you need to worry about.
How is a question about hosting less programming related than this which gets plenty of up votes http://stackoverflow.com/questions/549597/dealing-with-awful-estimates
@Jason no worries!!
I have 2D closed vector paths, specified in SVG paths-like syntax - i.e. these paths include straight lines and various Bezier curves.
@Anyone who uses Assembla - Is it 200MB per project or 200MB per account? If it's per account, then that's awfully small.
I may need to port a private application from android to windows phone 7.
@Daniel: excellent! that's it exactly.
Thanks Scott for the excellent answer! This was very helpful. Here is a mod to the Application_BeginRequest() code that 1) uses ordinal string comparisons for speed, 2) accommodates localhost and 3) highlights an asymmetric side-effect.
Is this possible? I have looked online and cannot seem to find an answer.
Few things to make this work :Your classname FILE should start with a capital letter, Your config array must be defined as $config = array() (and not $var or any other name), Your config file must be lowercase.The config file is passed through the constructor, so class ($config=array()), you can then access and store the config variables on an instance variable. hope it helps: config file : good luck :)
Is it easy to create GLUT pop-up menus for my OpenGL application? If yes, how?
The answer from @hyde is valid, but I have two extra notes that I will point out in the code below.
In Sublime Text 2, if I press escape the page goes into COMMAND mode, which seems to take text input as commands, rather than actually typing the text. Another oddity is the VISUAL mode, and I have no idea what it does besides it seems to highlight text. I think they came installed with the theme that I got, 'soda', maybe. Anyway, I searched and found out you can turn off COMMAND mode by pressing 'i'. Regardless, both of these modes are extremely annoying, how do I get rid of them?
The ( NLTK ) is an excellent resource if you ' re considering Python as a language . It incorporates lots of the stuff you ' d expect in a text processing / NLP environment parsers , stemmers and part - of - speech tagging . Documentation on it is pretty good too . As for datasets , NLTK comes with a variety of for experimenting with . Hope it helps , B . 
This one by Christoph Pojer is pretty awesome! FileManager uses the FancyUpload3 script that is soon to be released for good-looking file uploads. And, it can be easily integrated with TinyMCE as well.
This works excellent, thank you very much! (Trim('0'||mycolumns))
drl file for creating new rules and modifying rules.
really like this app allows me to both catalog my collection and display and sort my collection to make it easier for friends to decide what they want to watch.  i recommend you get the pro version. it's diverse features and ability to access your database from any of your appliances or computers is a blessing. the ability to modify the meta data stored for your movies would be good as sometimes the data is miss classified or incorrectly genred
There are many ways to do this, one way is: Followed by: In general, the SQLite project has really fantastic documentation! I know we often reach for Google before the docs, but in SQLite's case, the docs really are technical writing at its best. It's clean, clear and concise.
i try to return an output ( type date ) in a web service but i receive a weird result.
? cute but eats up alot of battery.
Dr. Klaus Schulten gave an excellent talk at GTC2010: http://livesmooth.istreamplanet.com/nvidia100922/. GPGPU computing is definitely the way to go for bioinformatics!
I ' m working on an iPhone app that will upload images to a web server . I was wondering if anyone had any tips on how to generate unique names for each image file that gets uploaded . I ' m sure there are a million ways to do this , but if anyone has any suggestions I ' d really appreciate it ! Thanks . 
@Rob I really hate passing booleans into functions.
You need an RSA key for encryption, maybe you can switch your signature algorithm to RSA/SHA1 to avoid the need for two keys.
Wide lines are a #@$# in most diff'ing tools as well, which can make code reviews a pain.
possible duplicate of [Is there an equivilent of C# Anonymous Delegates in Java?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1340231/is-there-an-equivilent-of-c-sharp-anonymous-delegates-in-java)
Is it possible to compile and run OpenGL programs from under Cygwin? If yes, how?
Hi Sandy,Thanks so much to give me such comments, that's really helpful, I will update this later.
I have set up the Interface as follows.
@Milhous *Everything breaks when you use Java*.
To summarise the link provided by Codeslayer (in case the page url changes)... Change the sql file templates to ANSI encoding by opening with notepad and then saving it as an ANSI file. You can do the same for files already created. \Common7\Tools\Templates\Database Project Items You've just made our DBA's very happy!
Another option you have is to override onDestroy ( ) on the first screen of your app , so it will be called right before your process gets killed ! 
This means, it was not possible to resolve the dependencies of the API_NAME to the API_NAME.
If I understand the question, then Resharper calls this 'inline method' - Ctrl - R + I
Ah, so you found it: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/268062/
What are some effective strategies for preventing the use of my proprietary images? I'm talking about saving them, direct linking to them etc... Presently I have a watermark on the image, but I'd rather not. .NET platform preferred, but if there's a strategy that's on another platform that integrates with my existing application that'd be a bonus.
Is there a way to convert a ui formed with qtDesigner to a python version to use without having an extra file? I'm using Maya for this UI, and converting this UI file to a readable python version to implement would be really great!
Thanks once again.
Excellent job including the Fiddle ! I still can ' t quite understand the question though . Could you include the output ? 
You might want to check out the and methods. I'm afraid the method for array objects performs a shallow comparison, and does not properly (at least for this case) compare the inner arrays.
Daniel Moth has a pretty good blog post about how to do this here: Best of all it is simple and free!
That's an excellent idea Jeff. Thanks!
Oh, one more: You didn't seed the random number generator in the loop. Excellent!
Poll the server ( requires a progress API ) periodically ( via javascript ) for the processing status and update the page accordingly when you get a positive result.
There is this about hardware to improve compile time. Also this really excellent from Scott Guthrie on looking at hard drive speed for performance.
Sorry, I had attached an older version... let's try this one.
I'm using Rob Con's repository pattern also - absolutely love it. But i'm not worrying about concurrency checks. I load the most recent object, then update the fields the submitchanges. I would look at seeing if you could use the Attach and/or timestamps. It's been a while since i've looking into linq + concurrency.
AFAIK , the creator of DelphiCodeToDoc is actually still actively working on it . Have you tried sending him an e - mail ? In my experience , he ' s very helpful ! 
thank you this app is great. thank you
Can anyone recommend some good resources that highlight the differences between Oracle and the AS/400 database? I am trying to help someone with a lot of AS/400 experience implement an Oracle installation, and they need some guidance. A book or online resource would be ideal.
This is extremely ugly C-style code, easy to get wrong. While the bugs in your code have been fixed by earlier birds, here is the C++ way to do this:
Delphi (since 2009) now has a TDictionary class for doing this.
Is any function or api available to intercept addCookie ( ) so that the cookies set by the servlet will be encrypted using servlet filters.
need to add a feature you guys should add a custom car builder feature where you can just build your own car but every part you buy will just keep adding up your total overall great app its fun and it kills time
I am trying to make my javascript change when the window resizes , but cannot seem to get it to work . The only difference I would like is for the offset ( ) . top to change from - 90 to - 60 as the window becomes smaller than 768px . This is what I have so far : Any advice would be really great ! Thank you 
When querying from the database using Entity Framework, what exceptions should one catch and what should be done about them? Generally I use because I have no specific action or feedback for every possible type of error, but I am constantly reminded that this is a terrible idea and that specific exceptions should be caught and handled! Example: What are the standards/guidelines for handling EF exceptions?
All seems OK, but I get a NullPointerException ( NPE ).
I had the problem that white was the "Overscroll" color, not actually the fading edge. try this (assuming you want a fading edge, but not the horrid white glare when you hit the ends! (otherwise set requires fading edge to none)):
The error occurs because is looking in the wrong environment (i.e., not inside the data frame). You could explicitly specify the but that would be ugly, awful code. Much better to use as Iselzer suggests.
As I comment your question , there are of problems inside your code so better will be to use some ready function / class for it : ) just search for it .. How ever I can give you easy way to display what you want .. Replace your FOR loop with that code and it will be fine : ) But really ! ! ! 1st - MYSQL _ functions are deprecated use mysqli or PDO instead .. 2nd - ESCAPE all variables in your queries .. 3rd - Think for using more flexible methods of work ( function / objects .. ) 
I think this question belongs to ServerFault.com
I made a template in my wiki called Template:quote, which contains the following content: Then I can use the template in a page, e.g., {{quote|a little test}} Works pretty well - Thanks!
FYI: When C or C++ say "undefined" they usually mean "crash" or "memory corruption" or something equally terrible. Beware.
I completely disagree with the answers so far. I feel that internal is a horrid idea, preventing another assembly from inheriting your types, or even using your internal types should the need for a workaround come about. Today, I had to use reflection in order to get to the internals of a System.Data.DataTable (I have to build a datatable lightning fast, without all of its checks), and I had to use reflection, since not a single type was available to me; they were all marked as internal.
I ' d recommend python as a fantastic general - purpose scripting language which is fairly quick to pick up . You ' ll find it ' s more versatile for system - programming than something php , which would be another option . You might look here as a starting point : Besides , if you learn python , you can then learn django , which is incredibly awesome ! 
I try make authentication using But I get . How I should correct my code?
slow  no point. the viewfinder display is really laggy and slow.  doesn't seem to offer any creative black and white features so how does it improve over just desaturating color photos?
Its not possible to just execute arbitrary code by being able to alter a string. Only when you output the string directly, or use it in SQL should you be really worried.
@CarlNorum: That would be extremely annoying, given that the above is well-defined C89...
If not I just wanted to know if Java serializes objects that haven't been initialized yet.
i am writing a flash app that receives its data over a XMLSocket . On the testmachine that worked really fine , but now the data will be ssl secured . Is there any XMLSSLSocket or something similar available ? If not XMLSocket a normal SSLSocket would be a great help as well . 
I'm trying to output the following from within a liquid template: Obviously, Liquid sees this as a variable named and tries to do substitution. I'm trying to find out how I can output the actual braces. So far, I've found one method that works, but it's incredibly ugly: Yeah, told you it was gross. Here are other things I've tried: Any advice here?
In WindowsForms world you can get a list of available image encoders/decoders with My question is, is there a way to do something analogous for the WPF world that would allow me to get a list of available
If i give will the search engine consider rel = " " to be noindex , nofollow ? 
I ' m calling onto some code that returns me an HTTP response . I can get the contents of the response which returns me a byte array . The bytes represent a zip file that I would like to extract and get the contents of a single file ( the zip only contains one file ) . Currently I have some messy code ( I ' ll need to clean it up if I keep it ) that seems to work : but was wondering whether there was a cleaner way to do the same thing because the above looks incredibly ugly . 
Our QA team uses HP Quality Center for defect tracking, test plans, etc. The dev team really detests Quality Center and wants to use JIRA for internal task tracking. Can these two systems work seamlessly together? I have worked on projects where 2 teams used separate issue-tracking systems and keeping them in sync was a major headache. Anyone have real-world experience integrating Quality Center and JIRA?
You need to make the following changes to your code: However keep in mind that this is extremely vulnerable to SQL injection, and you should also swap MySQL for PDO/MySQLi immediately if you plan to use this code on a live website.
looks you have changed your needs . that ' s disgusting 
yeah, your pain is mine! This method described by ctrahey at least gives you some clue.
great customization  but old and outdated the keyboard has excellent customization  but it lack a feature to learn new words automatically  and the ui are old
As I ' m a former C + + programmer that code makes me cringe . Multiple postincrements in C / C + + have " undefined behaviour " ( i . e . it ' s an error , but the compiler won ' t tell you so . ) It ' s legal in C # and Java will always output " 1,2,3 " but your C + + programmer colleagues will hate it . 
fun slots that's it. fun slots. what more do you want? :)
Any idea what i might be doing wrong.
I've tried with Postsharp, but their current implementation targets 2.0, and it's getting painful to make it work. Should I roll out my own AoP implementation (I'm thinking of a very VERY basic and utilitarian implementation here) Or there is an alternative I'm not aware of?
Did you ever figure this out? I've had to post a dupe because I cant : http://stackoverflow.com/questions/652621/flexbuilder-web-services-list-empty
I'm afraid you can't!! Weka is not covering that functionality.
Does anyone know what the C# equivalents would be for the methods shown above?
@yaauie - sure, I could have put a `raise 'oh no' if methods.include?(:after_initialize)` before the monkeypatch, but that would make the example harder to understand... It's so easy to get caught up in detailing all the edge cases that the actual lesson here (just patch a base method in) would get lost in the noise.
To Joseph Holsten's excellent list, I add the xpath command-line script which comes with Perl library XML::XPath. A great way to extract information from XML files:
This is an absurd, unreasonable and frankly ridiculous requirement; I can't imagine what use such a data structure would be good for.
@PeterGrantBue: I'm happy that my solution suits your needs. :-) Please, accept my answer if it really helped you out. Good luck with your game! ;-)
Why would you want to do that?? No offense, but that is the most annoying and useless 'feature' ever!
for some reason that still hates me ! 
@David Wallace: Yes, and it's even more sad when some guys -1 the correct answer!
Is it possible? How do I do it?
Download the DirectX/XNA SDK - it comes with plenty of sample code. Great place to start!
FF @ fault? Damn... hate when my buddy fails me.
Almost works . You have to seek to one less then write a byte , otherwise you still end up with a 0B file . Still very helpful , thanks ! Correct Syntax too . If you want to edit , the extra line you need is OutFile . WriteByte ( 0 ) ; 
I'm doing a fair bit of work in Ruby recently, and using Is absolutely critical. However, I'm really disappointed with the default Windows console in Vista, especially in that there's a really annoying bug where moving the cursor back when at the bottom of the screen irregularly causes it to jump back. Anyone have a decent console app they use in Windows?
I've read a bit and tried out some of the libraries which were pointed out here, such as Velocity and FreeMarker.
Actually I don't want to specify the encoding, because I don't care how the data is transported to me.
With PHP you can use method to run you .sh file. Pass the name of the script via post data, but be very very careful, user can modify the param to execute malicious code on your machine!
Also, is there any tutorials you would suggest for me to downgrade the .NET Framework for an already built project? That would be really great :)
What .NET library are you using for POP3 access?
Has anyone ever tried to connect to a Yahoo Store using Yahoo API calls from Java?
Not to take anything away from the answer already accepted, but I was able to get the duration of an audio file (several different formats, including AC3, which is what I needed at the time) using the namespace. This is part of . Adding a reference to that made my code as simple as this... And it's pretty fast, too! Here's a reference for the class.
I'm using this installation for a non-networked demo of the application, and I'll only have my laptop there. I toyed with a virtual machine on my laptop, though I'm afraid the speed would hamper my demo.
ahh got it. you didn't downvote me for simply asking you to explain a bit more did you?
You have to be excruciatingly careful when there are spaces in the path names. In the context, you probably need: You don't need quotes around the variable this time.
Waaaaay cool! I especially alike the " upload file " option.
> - FOUserAgent.getStream() is cool and very easy to use (now that it's properly > documented).
You should give a try. I haven't tested it but they mention that is works with Silverlight OOB apps and even give you a tutorial . It's commercial software, but a 30 day trial is available.
Any Idea how to solve such problem when using CGLIB proxies?
best twitter client! if you are looking for the best twitter client  search no more. this is it! it's similar to tweetbot on ios. you get all the great features from pull to refresh  inline images  column views  white/black holo theme background  tap to jump to top  and so much more. oh and there are no ads in this version. it is simply amazing.
In Flex 3, buttons call their click handler when they are clicked on by the mouse, or when they have the focus and the user depresses the space bar. Is there a straightforward way to cause Flex 3 buttons with focus to call their click handler when the user presses the enter key?
Thanks Bilgin,  it is working fine now.
DO_NOTHING_ON_CLOSE ( defined in WindowConstants ): Don't do anything; require the program to handle the operation in the windowClosing method of a registered WindowListener object.
WOW people THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR ANSWERS!!!! (bow)
? horrible on moment. my battery dies faster !
I would not store configuration information in the repository at all. That way you don't have to worry about SVN trying to update the config when you update your source.
Agree that you should ensure that your data is properly indexed. Apart from that, if you are worried about table size, you can always implement some type of data archival strategy to later down the line. Don't worry too much about this until you see problems cropping up, and don't optimise prematurely.
given a youtube url, how can i embed the video into a page using .net c#?
If you are really worried about memory you can put those images in a global image (or your custom object) array instead of putting it in a local variable. Take a global variable Use timer (i.e. setTimeOut ) to check if the din contains img tag with class . If it does not find any matching element (and image_cleaned is false ) then delete that array. Then set . Then remove timer (optional but better).
is there a way to automatically call a function using an event after the user has browsed a file using a I've been trying to find something for the past hour but failed horribly, I saw that I should try onchange but that also failed..
I kept a bitmap inside a movieClip , bitmap has been set to be smoothing . but when I changed the scale of this movieclip , it still got pixelated . Do we have the way to avoid . it is really painful . 
In your code, strip out the stop words. You'll have to maintain your own list.
Is it possible to divide two integers to make and make a BigDecimal out of it?
first question here . I ' m developing a program in C # ( . NET 3.5 ) that displays files in a listview . I ' d like to have the " large icon " view display the icon that Windows Explorer uses for that filetype , otherwise I ' ll have to use some existing code this : The above code returns an integer that is used to select an icon from an imagelist that I populated with some common icons . It works fine but I ' d need to add every extension under the sun ! Is there a better way ? Thanks ! 
If you are going to do minimal XAML stuff then the free and excellent tool KaXAML will help you . Take a deep look here 
doesn't mean nothing. You have to use
I'm absolutely staggered by the amazing response I've received in the last 10 minutes! Thankyou all so much for your answers. Very, very helpful.
If it's managed (i.e. part of the framework) you don't need to worry about it. If it implements IDisposable just wrap it in a block. If you want to use unmanaged resources then you need to read up on finalisers and implementing IDisposable yourself. There's a lot more detail under
Maybe, but that's not what he asked. He was worried instead about losing a pointer to that particular location in memory, which is a dubious concept in Python anyhow.
I'm using CODE_FRAGMENT with a jackson and I was wondering if there is any better way to build a list of building an expanded version of this list than first calling then list method and then foreaching over all the Ids, calling the detail resources and appending the result to a list.
It may cause conflicts, but if your intent is to break system security, you probably don't care.
I am pretty sure this can help! Cheers!
The issue comes into play if you color a div, and set its opacity to make it transparent. If you then want to put text on this div, the text is transparent, and that isn't always desirable.
The A in XAMPP stands for Apache. If you don't have a extremely good reason to use IIS, don't use it!
please update and you will get to paradise = ) 
I have VS2005 installed. But I was afraid about installing VS2008 and lose everything. I think I have to install 3.5 framework first. Is that correct?
Bear in mind, that the above code might not compile ( I haven't tried it out myself... ).
I did a lot of VRML + Java work in college and loved it , but I feel it ' s not really a marketable skill . Has anyone worked with a high level graphics API open inventor , coin .. etc that is actually in use to a degree that makes investing a lot of time in the API worthwhile for something more than a hobby ? 
and to declare getters and setters for you fields.
(and even worse, the + or - 10 is dependant on the order of registering the observers!)
I am working on where i have two tables like and Country : City : cidCountryidId Means Many - to - One mapped with Now i need to access the details from I created already ' Country . hbm . xml ' I created already ' City . hbm . xml ' Query : Query Result I don ' t know why it is showing this exception ... , if anyone knows , it will a great pleasure for me .. ! ! Note : I am retrieving child details from parent 
@BrodieG, but together, we are infinite bliss. Didn't you feel that already? :-)
As was noted in the comments the link is: He particularly piqued my interest with this quote: "... in certain cases, you are simply better off working on getting more data, then spending your time on improving the algorithm..." Excellent presentation and presenter ()! Highly recommended for anyone wanting to start down the path of machine learning.
Awesome!! Thanks :)
There is an excellent example of how to implement your own two-dimensional ArrayList and (re-) use it in your specific case: No need to reinvent the wheel, go for it!
Great answer! If I may update it to Rails 3, the json method now seems to be to_json. At least that's what worked for me... i.e. @contact.to_json
malicious users don't just exist "out there" on the internet - most of them have jobs in corporations and you are probably working with a couple of them right now - there is a reason that all user accounts and physical access are the first things you cut off when you fire someone
I think you made mistakes in ivy.xml.
I don't know why but I used the tags in my post. It is showing fine in preview, but not in final post?!
I'm not sure that link works anymore.
this is a really great idea!!! please standby while i try thank u so much
No worries! Happens to all of us
Ah, that was my bad.
Library independent , very nice ! Although I prefer the declaration more " class " : ` function MyClassName ( ) { } ; ` 
We ' re looking at Drools / Guvnor , possibly integrated with jBPM ( as in this ) , to add a workflow engine to our Spring / Java EE app , but we ' re still in the very early phases of trying it out . 
@tijko cp here stands for classpath and is java specific. so no worry for you!
Not really, no. I basically just took JaredPar's word for it that the threadID would be reasonably stable, used this during testing, and then changed the interface to react to OnMouseMove events instead for the final deployment. I didn't do that originally because it means passing events up through a whole chain of Controls and is generally just a pain in the ass. It is, however, more reliable than the above method, which only failed once or twice during the whole of testing, but did fail.
It crashes only one time and then it works normally. Here is the project:
The result was the same that i don't have the correct permissions.
Does anybody have a simple code to display a list (list view?) of all the apps installed on a phone, and have the user open one when clicked? Or even an App drawer. I just need a way to have the user open all of their apps. I have tried searching for tutorials, but couldn't find any, and I downloaded the example home from Android, but I absolutely hate looking through code and digging out what I Want.
Since I was also looking for a way to use the empty word epsilon I came up with the following approach. I simply used an empty production rule such as: Hope it works - at least for now it seems so ... Addendum: It works pretty fine :)
Oh, how I hate TFS for giving me these headaches!
there is room for improvement... the good thing  it lets you know when your moga (pro) has been connected to your android device and it displays current games that support the controller. the bad thing: a.its interface. it's boring  even my 14yr old cousin can make it look like tegra zone-based stylish themed or better. b.the bluetooth connection. when i'm using the game  the controller loses the connection with it for too long so i have to press the moga button and try to reconnect;or it happens for a few seconds and while i'm using the controller  my notification keeps showing the controller has been connected to my tablet. c.the moga pivot connects the controller to the android device  but why on earth does it not display the controller battery life? how much longer can my controller's built-in battery last? it should let me know. d.just let me know whenever a new game has support for the controller. i'm talking about pivot running in the background  self-updating its catalog and pushing a notification warning me a new game has entered the 'supported games' list. it'd be great. e.sometimes the controller takes too long to connect. what's with the hold up? please fix these issues. they are worth a new update.
What is the problem ? Create additional page and add it to WP , insert code there , and make an output page whatever you want . If you know PHP it will take you 15 min . 
I am using LLBLGen Pro 2.5 with self-servicing. If I want to add some rows into my tables within a transaction and then update the first row I added, do I have to add that first entity into the transaction object again? Here is a fictional example of what I mean: Any advice would be greatly appreciated!
cute love it so cute my family and friendz love it! so fun!!!!!!!  xx
How do I change the position of the sort button in header of the grid in Tapestry 5? I have column names of different lengths and I break lines on spaces, so the button, which is appended to the end of the column names, always ends up in different height. And that is very ugly :(
here is my code i keep getting
I then click on the button but I get this error message.
I know this doesn't answer your question directly, but it might be worth checking out the SQL Server 2005 migration tool for Access. I've never used the tool, but it might be worth using with SQL Server 2005 Express Edition to see if there are the same issues as you had with MySQL
Awesome co-op. Thanks, Robert & Mike, for picking this up.
And on what platform? (HTML, Winforms, VB.NET) ?
The .NET installation is one of the most painful setups of all history, in all means possible. I've did many such setups and about half of them even *crashed* for XP.
I have installed python and don't really know what this means. Any ideas?
Excellent question! There doesn't appear to be a control in Eclipse to do it, but these two blog entries: both say it can be done in the windows registry. Caveat: I have not tried this.
Also, your username was stupidly named and confusing, so I deleted it and created a new one more appropriate.
So if i changed the 1st comparator to sort by name, not price, the 2nd will changed as well, but not the opposite!
First of all I can ' t see object locking , unused lockObject variable makes me sad . IEnumerable is not special . Each thread will have it ' s own copy of reference to some instance of sektioner object . You can ' t affect other threads that way . What would happen with old version of data pointed by sektioner field largely depends on calling party . 
I agree. It's clear that you are on the threshold of either using a library or writing your own. Go get jQuery and just use it as you see fit in your project, starting with this. Here's to happier days!
excellent! exactly what I was looking for. Thanks Anna.
I would go the custom Attached property route! should be pretty simple to implement too!
Wow! Yeah, I did'nt know that! Great new feature.
Doesn't the CLR automatically release any unreleased mutexes when the application terminates anyway?
A related question: Have you faced the issue of making the same code work with 2005 and 2008. If yes, how did you solve it?
So I need to get a quotient to 2 decimal places 0.33 , but do I need to use doubles all the way down or can I use integers for everything except the quotient and then just use double or decimal for the quotient ? It is also breaking because of the quotient . If anyone could help me I would be extremely grateful : ) 
What I need to know is if adding custom classes and properties to the IIS metabase schema will cause any running app pools to restart or sessions to be killed off ? 
I disagree... and I guess I'm willing to go to bat for this.
What breaks when you use 1.6?
Swear to god, I'm not a total idiot.
@Asad Actually do not need. I appended one letter at the end of each vowel and con table. @user3520307 My great pleasure to see my code be helpful!
bugs in latest update great app until last update that drain battery and continue to use huge amount of data at the background...
Perhaps you could deserialise the byte array using a known encoding and ensure that (a) it doesn't throw any exceptions, and (b) deserialises to the original string. It seems that from your description of the scenario, you may not have the original string readily available. Might there be a way to create it?
Sorry that I think I missed some discussion in the mailing list.
Check here for an example which returns a String.
It seems, that there must be some problem when genereting the response.
I am completely hopeless with regular expressions... I have a Velocimacro named , and I have a JS function named . Now I want to find all the places the JS function is called. So I need to search for "addButton", where "addButton" doesn't start with the hash key. Any ideas?
Just a word of advice - this will be painful to extend if you later want to add a proper user - login system , and / or a threaded reply structure . 
see Binary Worrier's suggestion to psuedo-inline that into an extension method.
Mono appears to have really come a log way since the last time I really used it . I ' m interested in doing some ASP . Net development using Mono . I have used . netTiers / CodeSmith at work and really enjoy the speed with which code generation gives you a clean working data access layer . The question is has anybody used any code generation with Mono ? I am open to learning something SubSonic or NHibernate if those work better with Mono . Thanks in advance for any help . 
Lastly, if you use tomcat, you might want to clear the work directory with the temporary compiler outputs of the jsps you created.
You really should look at an NIO framework or . I ' ve used MINA with great success in an enterprise chat server . It is also used in the chat server . Grizzly is used in Sun ' s JavaEE implementation . 
Assets are bundled with your APK and they are read only. You cannot delete them in your app.If you're really worried about storage usage, consider alternative database distribution mechanisms such as downloading it over the network.
We are working in real estate project, there we have image and video uploads in many places. We are started with in few places, But now we found an issue that it does not work if the flash player not installed in the browser. Its working only after installed the flash player in browser. This is really worrying. We should not force user to install flash player to upload images/video. How to handle this issue?
Since this is correct, why byte code noting down the return type of the called method, and raising error when the library is updated with a return type for the method.
Thanks, after using it for a couple of hours, I can say that's a great soft, definitely!
If they press Enter it should break the While loop and move onto the next statement, right?
The point of the require_once function is that no matter the scope, you won't include a file twice and redefine a class causing a PHP error. So no worries about memory leaks, if the require_once is hit, the class def goes in the global symbol table only one time. But aside from that, yeah use autoloader.
great app.. nice app .. keep it up..  it is very useful app for us... *****
If I have a simple piece of data to store (an integer or string for example) I might choose to store that in ViewState, or using a HiddenField control. Why would I choose one over the other? ViewState Hard for the user to decode (thought not impossible), which might be desirable HiddenField Value can be used in JavaScript Are there other pros and cons?
This is a really great DBGrid ! Just give it a try , you will not regret it . 
Is there anywhere I can download a SWF fo sIFR 3 of the Rockwell font ( the one that comes with sIFR 3 ) , but with a bunch of special characters embedded too ? Specifically the pound sign (   ) , but more would be great : ) I don ' t have access to Flash right now and I ' ve tried the automatic tools but with little success . I ' ve looked everywhere , does anyone have any pointers ? Many thanks ! 
Check out GSON for converting POJOs to JSON: We've been using for a couple of years now. Very excellent library. For POJOs to XML, Jersey uses JAXB or you could roll your own serializer.
You can download a local copy of jQuery or use a CDN. This link has details: http://jquery.com/download/
Doing it at the hackathon you'd have a few fellas at your shoulder to give you pointers should you get stuck.
works excellent!! thanks a lot guys!!!
I didn't know that. I always thought it was AND.
Somewhere on the web there is a blog post which is just a lot of scrum boards . It is really good to see how other people do it . Maybe someone can find it for us : ) I think this looks a pretty comprehensive way of doing things ! 
Pretty new to this scene and trying to find some documentation to adopt best practices . We ' re building a fairly large content site which will consist of various media catalogs and I ' m trying to find some comparable data / architectural models so that we can get a better idea of the approach we should use using a framework we ' ve never made use of before . Any insight / help would be greatly appreciated ! 
I really hate regex in principle. can it be done in a plane script or something?
Overall bytes includes those that have been released and is a running total of what has been allocated to your app during the lifetime of the app . The Live Bytes is the one to really worry about as that is the one that shows bytes that are currently allocated . Overall bytes could keep going on forever as long as you release stuff and the Live Bytes doesn ' t go too high then you will have no problems . From that screenshot live bytes looks ok . There are more details here 
As said by Gawie below, this is all mapped to a command named "View.ShowSmartTag". Instead of using an uncomfortable shortcut, you can find the command and remap it to something that makes sense to you!
what about 3rd question?( When is it appropriate and when not?)
just love it! been using for 9 months now and it is perfect app! ?
As Alexander said, you are comparing a string and a char. The sad thing is that the compiler already told you that, only it encrypted it in ISO-STL-TEMPLATE encryption, which is more difficult to read that perl! You may want to look at for decrypting C++ STL error messages.
Its a little complicated, there is a full example in this loadNativeLibrary ( ) method.
Here is an incredibly disgusting way to do it: Here is a better way (I think): If you convert either output string with: you get your original number.
app is slow it it not well organized the categories like shooters there is only one witch is incorrect and its slow it freezes scrolling is glitchy etc.
I know I can configure command line arguments in the Run configuration but I want to run a java file multiple times with different command line arguments. It's a pain to change the Run Configuration every time. Is there a way I can make Eclipse prompt me for command line arguments every time I run the program?
Sorry, Thiru, I hope you haven't already started working on this!
I am using standout library, I added a videoView in it, Everything is running correctly, Except if i click on video then mediaController Is not Showing and i am getting null pointer exception.
You can use the Japura API. There is a List component with checkboxes [http://www.japura.org/checklist.html](http://www.japura.org/checklist.html)
Two excellent answers, thank you! I chose Andrew's primarily because I learned a bit more about knockout from it, but both are good options. I'd use RP's method to get something to use in a more generic "anything can be chosen" scenario, but I think making it a single object is probably a better fit for my uses.
I should add that the element thing throws an error when it can't find something. Do you normally use try/except for all find_element commands? * oh so very sad * :(
Sigh, I don't like this overall if can't reuse everywhere.
FYI, if your test needs so much setup that you need a 'helper' class, you're going to have pain and friction down the line.
Any ideas for why this happens?
That tests if the highest bit in a 32 bit integer is set, not what was required.
No-one's picked this up, but why are you trying to mock private methods?
I need some drawings in my tableview . How can i do this . Any help will be greatly appreciated ! ! 
To add on to mwigdahl's excellent post: [here](https://ribosome.helixcommunity.org/2005/devdocs/FuncLevelLinking)'s a link that explains how to achieve FLL for g++ -- this may give you some additional insights.
Yeah - my solution to this was to limit IE users - they can only select a tiny subset of the rows and columns that FX and Chrome users can. Even then IE8 only just copes with maybe 25 cells (5x5 grid), 7 and 6 remain hopeless. It brings back memories of late 90s web development and is an ugly thing to do, but what else can you do if their browser is so poor?
Can anyone think of a quick, easy and fullproof way of listing only ClearCase Remote Client views from UNIX? ct lsview obviously lists all the views, and you could search by looking at the Properties: section if you run a ct lsview -properties -full (gives you Properties: snapshot webview readwrite) then use a regex or something, but I'd be worried that someone calls their view 'webview' or something. Has anyone got a foolproof way? Am I missing a flag or something? If only there was -fmt on lsview :S
Thanks for the feedback! It was a pleasure!
Not that I recommend this, but totally abusing LINQ the following would work:
Is it possible to re - open an . xcarchive file on Xcode ? I know this is not common , but I would like to open a project exactly as it was submitted to the App Store . I don ' t have back up of that exact build , so it would be really great to open the archive copy ! Before you ask why don ' t I just download it from the store , I must say this build has been approved and is just pending on my release . : ) Thanks ! 
I have created a custom MenuBar in my Processing sketch ( using Eclipse as my IDE ), but it is not displaying.
By the way, I upvoted you because I think it's an *excellent* question.
Based on the RolandMySQLDBA ' s answer I think we can use the above to get the size of each schema in a table : Really liked it ! 
For all your keydown/keyup/keyboard needs, use the jQuery hotkeys plugin. Saw this a few months ago and it never fails to impress it. Follow the jump for the plugin demo ... It maps ALL keys on a keyboard including combos. Hope it helps!
I suspect that's why the language designers made that decision.
You have two divs, one over the other, and the one on top is transparent. However, when you scroll you want the div on the bottom to hide as it goes under the first transparent div. You don't want the second div's to change to as soon as it goes under the first div. You just want the part that is under to be hidden. I've googled extensively for an answer: #1-4 answer make the div on top or . The problem with this for me is my background is a photograph, i.e. as you scroll down what you see is different, as opposed to a colour or a pattern. The "background" of the transparent div needs to change as the real background changes. #5 offers a solution to this using JQuery however there are horrible, horrible issues with scroll lag in browsers not Firefox. Folks, how do I do it?
You are very welcome! Learn programming, it's a lot of fun!
The clue is : If you actualy have defined the table , then you have suffered the major ( probably only ! ) sqlite gotcha . If the database file doesnt exits it will quietly create an empty database for you . Double check you file path and look for a new empty sq3 file appearing in your directory . 
pages don't fill the screen well  with the latest update i'm now able to sign into the app on my galaxy s4  and it's considerably more stable and responsive on my nook hd+  but unfortunately now when i try to read comics the pages only take up about 2/3 of the screen's available real estate with black borders on the left  right  and bottom.  even if i pinch zoom to fill the screen  when i move to the next page it goes back to the original size.  hopefully they can address that issue and then start adding some of the other standard features of comic readers.  update 8/26/13: today's update still doesn't resolve the issue with comics rendering in about 2/3 of the screen.  while i'm happy to see that they've doubled the number of issues you can have offline  the first time i tried to open one the app crashed back to the launcher.  all in all  this app is still completely unusable on android imo.
I wanted to see all the files I have in my external storage, I have this library that display the text to the user, but when I'm using it to show the sub files, it says something like.
I have two arrays of System.Data.DataRow objects which I want to compare. The rows have two columns A and B. Column A is a key and I want to find out which rows have had their B column changed and which rows have been added or deleted. How do I do this in PowerShell?
very nice. great keyboard app. many great tools and a ton of customization.
You can try use byte [ ] instead of String object.
might be an answer, but I'm afraid I can't speak from experience.
Gav...(Hoping I'm not teaching you how to suck eggs :) )
Web API is bundled with MVC 4. It can be used separately and in combination with MVC. There are some rough edges around the integration but nothing very painful.
WTF ? ? ? Why not just mark Enrico ' s answer as Answer instead of copying it over and marking your own answer ? Stealing is bad , m ' kay ? ! 
I'm using this practice to add comments using AJAX , by sending the data to an ASP.NET Handler which collect the information and then insert the comment, but I am afraid that any one could use it , am I wrong !?
Thanks for the link. That's pretty cool!
I have a need to explore VOIP integration into a .Net application. It would be incredibly helpful if the toolset was usable via ASP.Net (version 2.0 or higher), and provided the developer the option to allow interaction on the client either embedded within the web browser or external to the client web browser. It should be compatible at a minimum with Internet Explorer, but would be better if browser independence were an option.
I think its because your using GASP which takes the points from the font style.
The only way I've found to do this is using the plugin hoverIntent:
i think by using this code you can have a limited size queue..which is also Circular buffer.
I ended up writing a python parser myself. I managed to do it by following the spec here: And then taking the code tables from the horde.org cvs. The open mobile alliance's site and documentation are terrible, this was a very trying project :(
While creating the DerbyTest I did notice that this problem is caused by the Database pool because it tries to connect to the database in the background.
The documentation of jQuery is really great and not that hard to understand. http://docs.jquery.com/Main_Page
APKInspector provides both analysis functions and graphic features for the users to gain deep insight into the malicious apps.
I saw questions about GWT + SPRING + HIBERNATE integration but none is clear or up to date with the current versions ! Please if there is anyone who has a clear and simple example of the integration ( form submit and saving in DB ) I will be extremely thankful ! If you could put the simple project in a ZIP and upload it ( with its jars it will be great ) Thank you ! 
ahhh sweet, i'm guessing you have an IDE that does this? If the tests pass commit, this kinda crap goes out of date too fast!
CODE_FRAGMENT is designed for increased read efficiency ( since this is the primary use of the API ).
Is it possible to prevent a user from editing the title of a node on the node edit screen? One of the things I really detest about Drupal is the rigidity of the title & body field in each node.
Good Morning, I'm using SharePoint Designer 2007 to create a workflow for a MOSS site I have created. What I'm looking to do is have the workflow send out an email if a document in the library hasn't been modified for the past 30 days (and it's Status field is not set as "Closed"), but I'm stumped as to how I can do this. Any help would be greatly appreciated! Thanks!
Doesn ' t this just tell me the maximum number of connections that I will allow on the database , not the maximum that it has achieved ? ? ? 
I didn't select an answer because even though two of them helped neither of them is complete.
I'm not for sure how the ControlCollection of ASP.Net works, so maybe someone can shed some light on this for me. I recently discovered the magic that is extension methods and Linq. Well, I was very sad to find that this isn't valid syntax However from what I can tell, does implement the interface which provides such methods, so what gives? Why doesn't that just work? I have found a decent work around for this issue at least:
Yep, the power tools SHOULD let you do this, but unfortunately the merge goes horribly wrong each time so it's next to useless.
I don't have any control over the dataset I recieve. The only thing I know is that it contains everything.
How do you convert the *.docx file to an indexable (text) format? We use Apache POI to get our *.docx (and other office formats) indexed and this works pretty fine! You can have a look at the Implementation here:
I know that there is a Item.RoleAssignments.Remove command but I have not found a way to list out all the current assigned groups so I could loop through and remove them. Hope this helps you guys!
Excellent, thank you! i did not now that.
I don ' t use IronPython , but what I ' ve read so far about it does not certify the " incredibly bad python implementation " [ typo fixed ] . 
Someone saying here that.
Bejesuz that's ugly! Whomever wrote that should be flogged.
If you're really worried about that, make an NSTimer that fires in say 5 seconds, and send traffic when it fires. Invalidate the timer when your view disappears.
Also, your fiddle example seems to be cut from a much bigger project with a lot of superfluous code hanging around. I think if you are able to duplicate the issue in fiddle then you should pare down the code to eliminate some of that and make it easier to troubleshoot.
top application " love this app " it has everything " get it "'
Assuming that the only issue you're having is the name of the dependent library, see CODE_FRAGMENT.
Effective, but what a pain! You'd think there'd be an easier way.
This is why CODE_FRAGMENT's argument is evaluated before a single item has gone through the first step of the stream.
I ' m working with a console application ( C # ) at the moment . What it does is pulls files from a database and stores them in their relevant folders on the C drive on a local machine . At the moment , every time I run the console app , it pulls ALL the files from the database . What I would like to be able to do , is each time I run it , It only pulls the files that were submitted since I last ran the console application . Currently , this is the linq statement that pulls the files from the database . Ideally I ' d something the following where the date and time of the last run of the application is stored somewhere : I ' m unsure on how to go about achieving this . If anyone had any advice on it I ' d be very greatful : ) 
@StoneFree welcome to the future brave time traveller! :o)
The answer does not establish the same 's as adding directly to the ajax call. So in order for jQuery to do this properly I add this : where is a global variable. Unfortunately, I have to write this extra line on every single ajax call. Terrible! Maybe I'll edit the jQuery framework to handle this..
I would like to implement the same type of functionality as this application : When a user selects a table view cell , the cell animates to fill the entire screen and reveals a new view while animating . I have been trying to find information on how to do this but can ' t quite seem to find any good resources . How can I accomplish this ? Even just an idea of what to properly google search will be extremely helpful ! 
Wow, you guys reply quickly! I'm having a hard time following up here :)
Select the cells in question and do a find and replace... Find . Replace / I tested it and it worked perfectly :) Hope that helps!
I'm getting notifications to back up my encryption key for EFS in Vista, however i haven't enabled bit locker or drive encryption. Anyone know how to find out what files may be encrypted or have an explanation for why it would notify me?
The first statement seems to pull back everything from the DB and then the second statement gets a subset. What if you just want a subset in the first place? I have 90,000 rows and just want page 4 of 10 rows.
I am looking at moving my company ' s internal business app from VB . NET to PHP . Some of the people were worried about losing GUI features that can be found in . NET . I am under the impression that with the right javascript framework , anything in . NET GUI can be replicated . While I am still researching this point , I would like to ask if form features in . NET GUI can in fact be replicated with javascript and slightly more importantly , will it take much longer to develop to get the same results ? 
No, I'm afraid not! You can call yourself in a js-function from . codebehind:
no worries! You should answer your own question, so others in future know what the issue was.
@MikeChristensen that's horrible :| and weird!!
The patch should be relatively trivial, but alike I said, I have no idea if there is other important stuff going on there or not.
This is probably caused because you have set to (Which is absolutely terrible). (See ) You should disable register globals so that the SESSION/POST/GET/REQUEST/COOKIE variables do not interfere.
I really love the " one model in - one model out " idea of Fubu MVC . A controller would look something this and the service locator would automagically fill in all the required dependencies in the constructor . This makes the controller very easy to test . So my question is : How would you go about tweaking asp . net mvc to allow this simplicity in the controllers ? 
I second FlashDevelop. You don't get the visual design stuff for the MXML, but for the code (both MXML and AS) it's excellent.
I ' m using some modifications to Glenn Berry ' s excellent DMV queries ! However , I would like to add to the resultset the ' last server restart ' , or to be more specific , the date / time the statistics for ( all , the specific ) DMV was reset . Since it would be quite important to know last reset when looking at the statistics , I want to make absolutely sure the date / time is accurate and shown . Question : How can you get the most accurate date / time of when a / all DMV statistic was reset ? Thanks ! - D 
hI, I'm trying to get this code from Larry Nyhoff's book to compile in Bloodshed. It's actually been taken word for word from the author's website, though I declared it on .cpp instead of .h (the .h file ain't working with the tester application). The search(const DataType & item) function is what's giving me grief. The compiler error says: What I'm I missing here?
This is totally abusive if you intentionally are using this with resources that are managed.
I often need to execute custom sql queries in django, and manually converting query results into objects every time is kinda painful. I wonder how fellow Slackers deal with this. Maybe someone had written some kind of a library to help dealing with custom SQL in Django?
Try this: This project explains how to make a multi colored string.
Use if-else inside scriplet based on the currently selected language and place appropriate "td" tags. Hope this is what you are looking for !
There is a particularly efficient algorithm using de Bruijn sequences described on Sean Eron Anderson's excellent page: It works in 13 operations without branching!
This is always a really bad way to design software.
The obvious way to plot a path with virtual earth (VEMap.GetDirections) is limited to 25 points. When trying to plot a vehicle's journey this is extremely limiting. How can I plot a by-road journey of more than 25 points on a virtual earth map?
Fantastic work! You were correct to choose yours as the accepted answer. Really appreciate you sharing the script with us. :)
@BrianGlaz : Really great answer!
I am having my site hosted in Bluehost server . I have been working with the Allvideos Plugin to have the video inside article content . When i try to upload my video my filename . flv in the folder / images / stories / videos / , i am getting the error as Business Agility _ VS . flv : unknown Bytes : 0 % Complete FAILED ! : Unknown error or disk quota exceeded . What may be the problem in this ? ? Even i have increased the size of the destination folder . But still i am getting this error . Why i am getting the Unknown Bytes error . 
I decided to simplify the reply marked as the answer on here to basically 2 lines using a LINQ expression.
Because the table design is wrong. If it can't be changed, that's short-sightedness and you'll have to suffer by using sub-optimal SQL. A table change is a one-time cost which can be amortized, sub-optimal queries cost every time you use them.
I would suggest you always take a normalized approach to your database schema and then later decided if you need to create a solution for performance reasons. Premature optimization can be dangerous. Premature database de-normalization can be disastrous! I would suggest that you stick with the original schema and later, if necessary, create a reporting table that is a de-normalized version of your normalized schema.
Do you have any hints to avoid this error?
@ joe Yes , if I were to declare the property and synthesize it as above , but I don ' t explicitly declare an ivar myself , the compiler will still actually create the ivar . So I could do ` int len = [ self . stringProperty length ] ` as you ' d expect inside the class , AND I can also do ` int len = [ stringProperty length ] ` as well , without using the accessor method , just directly using the ivar ( which the compiler has synthesized for me , along with setter + getter ) . It ' s really fantastic ! 
I have been using (and loving) the jQuery intellisense for Visual Studio 2008 (blogged about by Scott Guthrie ) but has any one ever come across an intellisense script for the components of jQuery? Thanks!
Fear not, the highlighting returns with the next search. The command should probably be named clearhighlight.
I can ' t get any event triggers to work . A simplified example of what I ' m doing is below - I know there is a event on Border since it is defined in but I ' m still getting Cannot convert string ' MouseEnter ' in attribute ' RoutedEvent ' to object of type ' System . Windows . RoutedEvent ' as soon as i run the application . Any help would be hugely appreciated . 
You can define an External. and a little more on the how-to side...
Galileo came out the other day , and even though plugins under Eclipse are , IMO , just a little bit easier to deal with than , it would still be really awesome if there was a simple way for me to upgrade to the new version ( and take my plugins with me ) . Any tips ? 
@ EdwardRuchevits Hey passing in cat and page worked ! It now remembers it each time I navigate pages ! Excellent ! Question though , is ' cat ' a predefined PHP variable for URLs ? Also , while this works for me locally ... how will this function when different users specify their own category ? 
Ugh, indecent exposure of mod_rewrite should be a crime. Put a bathrobe on it, or something.
What kind of a tool can I use to obfuscate/mask away my code similar to NewRelic `FILE_NAME?
Something that would at least avoid the pain of would be
CODE_FRAGMENT gets the value 1.
As TraumaPony said. Simply load the main game assembly in to Visual Studio and try to compile it. It won't if you try to make a reference to an assembly outside the those that ship with the 360.
:) I've renamed ComponentColorProperty to be ComponentColorElement and RelationshipAggregation to TwistieAggregation."
I've got a really simple powershell script (see below). I've got installutil aliased using the following in my profile: In powershell I simply: This returns successfully. (Install/Commit both complete successfully). Yet when I check the registry, or in powershell using get-pssnapin -registered it doesn't show my assembly. I did this the other day and it worked fine, but I don't seem to be able to duplicate it ... please advise. }
Is this due to a technical limitation for sub-pixel AA in general, or a bug in Java, or just because Java doesn't even try for translucent text, or have I missed something?
CODE_FRAGMENT is thrown, because CODE_FRAGMENT is CODE_FRAGMENT.
You should . It has a lot of good packages. I found these packages to help you with zip files for example: The NPM registry is really amazing :)
great potential. great start. a week ago i replaced my razr with the note 3. i really miss "smart actions" by motorola. this app needs a lot more triggers and actions. i rarely use a headset and when i plug in the charger all i need it to do is charge the battery. all i use now is the time to silence the phone as needed. could use location  network and speed (for care mode) triggers . i sincerely hope the developer continues to add features. once it's up to speed i wouldn't mind paying for it.
There was a great answer to the first half of this on http://security.stackexchange.com/a/19710 , the second half god a good answer from the manpage, as posted by rmcfrazier: http://www.php.net/manual/en/function.uniqid.phpquote combinatorics:"There are devastating collision attacks on MD5. (...) In contrast, SHA1 appears to be much more secure. While there are some known attacks on SHA1, they are much less serious than the attacks on MD5. For this reason, SHA1 is a much better choice than MD5 in many settings." - MD5"Warning: This function does not create random nor unpredictable strings. This function must not be used for security purposes. Use a cryptographically secure random function/generator and cryptographically secure hash functions to create unpredictable secure IDs." - uniqid
Thanks for all your input. I came across this extension and it worked REALLY GREAT for me!
Amazingly extensive answer, thank you! I learned something today!
There are two issues with your regex pattern : Firstly , you forgot to add the ^ at the beginning . this is why only the last characters were checked , or to say : you did not check the entire input . Secondly , your cyrill check did not seem to be correct . Still , I am not used to cyrillic letters and I should be careful before I judge ; ) hope it helps ! 
The other issue the number of variations in everyone's SIP implementation. Solving all of the integration issues would quickly eat up all your time. At $699 for OCS that just doesn't make much sense.
I've also verified previous GC logs and found that this issue was not forever.
We've been using a combination of TWiki OpenGrok for the codebase usenet LotusNotes based system As long as there is a google search appliance pointed at these things I think it's ok to have any or many versions as long as people use them
A simpler approach (rather than using a binding group) is to use the default button's click event to set the focus to itself. As this happens before the command is executed it means the ViewModel is updated in time. And if you really hate code behind, you could always write an attached property...
I want to display only the headers of public functions.
How is it invariant if you're using the current culture?
In Java, you typically don't write a single method that handle all sorts of arguments with all sorts of different types.
Use case for me: So I can compare objects against a MSSQL Compact Entity without worrying about how they typed the fields. (I am comparing an object against a compact database where some fields are name isSomething and IsSomething.) In other words, for sake of laziness.
? cute and useful!
Is there any way to generate call graphs automatically?
I am currently workin on a visual studio online hosted project that uses git for version control and have run into a problem with the team explorer menu. All of my collegues get this view when connecting to the project: But on my machine, im missing the tiles/buttons and have to right click the current branch, choose manage branches and from there, select Changes/Unsynced commits to handle my code which is extremely annoying. Im using Visual Studio 2013 Ultimate for this project, but i also have VS2012 installed.
I have a process in erlang that is supposed to do something immediately after spawn, then send the result back to the parent when it is finished. How do I figure out the PID of the process that spawned it?
yes--it offers no benefit. depends on what you're used to, I'm sure. No, it's just a constant--not an abuse.
Not an extremely expensive operation I think.
I found a library that makes it easy to get my oAuth_token and oAuth_token_secret with c#. If I'm trying to make a POST to a RESTful web service (ie. ) how are those two keys leveraged to varify authentication. A C# example would be awesome!
I'm building a marketplace application that uses PayPal Express. I've got a form for sellers to input their PayPal API credentials, but I need a way to validate them by making some sort of call to PayPal. I'm using the PaypalExpressGateway in ActiveMerchant, and I don't see anything other than the standard purchase controls. Is there any sort of null-operation that can be used? Any help would be greatly appreciated!
Or you can add the function to your .bashrc to make it always available.
I have a that has three views per cell , with three cell displaying on the view at one time ( for a total of nine views ) . Think of it as a bookshelf . Sometimes I can have as many as 500 books . I ' ve added shadow to the with code that is this : When I add the shadow code , as seen above , scrolling performance is just totally killed and becomes choppy . Each image has a different so the shadow has to be created for each item as it scrolls . Anyone have any tips on how to add shadows to my images on a without having this issue ? 
will give you what you want , I think . 
I have this issue, where my server and client is creating a lot of loopback threads, that I believe must be related to this issue.
There's a discussion related to this and one . Essentially, you use Invoke to accomplish it. Best of luck!
After doing some more digging and hacking it turns out to not be terribly hard to drop the Cakewalk interface into an application. It's not pretty without a lot of work, but it works right away.
Here is the equivalent C prototype for the Delphi function : int csd _ HandleData ( char * aBuf , int aLen ) ; Nothing earth - shattering , but maybe it will get an answer from someone afraid to contribute because of unfamiliarity with Delphi . 
If it comes with an incredibly annoying sound, then it's a MessageBox. It not, then it's maybe some kind of child window - see
It doesn't appear to be possible.
I really enjoy using Beanstalk too. I few days ago I realized an iPhone app to get access to your account info on your iPhone, this is the iTunes link: Best! Pablo
Replaced patch with fix to catch more bad variables
Then you can do what you want with the Collection: sort it, loop through it, create a Comparator etc..
Excellent! Worked perfectly!
It is really sad that answers need to be more than three characters
possible duplicate of [How to update Linq to SQL dbml file?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1110171/how-to-update-linq-to-sql-dbml-file)
@VitoshKa Excellent! Wish I could give you another up vote for th update
I will post it here if I find anything new.
Although I didn't technically end up escaping the dot, your suggestion actually did make me realize another alternative. While wondering how I would "pass" the escape code to the "SQL" server, it dawned on me: Why not use a "SQL Pass-Through Query" instead of an ODBC linked table? Since I only need read access to the SQL Server data, it works fine! Thanks!
My company has no current plans to move to vista, so we haven't tested compatability issues yet. Doug Hennig has an excellent article on the subject however: These links describe some issues as well:
The most correct/idiomatic solution (if you cannot avoid having a collection to begin with) is to use an : Putting the into a lambda isn't going to make anything any easier. In fact, it'll only create more work.Of course if you really hate using an you can avoid it, not that it'll really help you much: You could emulate the more functional style concept with a method that invokes an action if the object isn't , not that this is really any easier than a check when dealing with actions instead of functions:
I really hate when this happens.. I search and search for an answer and then I post a question. Then minutes later I find the answer.. The answer was on line 5.. this let me make the call.. I mean I get a pile of junk on the screen, but it doesn't fail... no exception.
I've re-read my comment, and it says what I meant it to say.
You're right edited. Sad fact! :(
@startec The question was about 4-byte floats. Which string ends with a comma? Only the tuple from `struct.unpack` has a comma.
I have this CODE_FRAGMENT file provided below,.
Pretty outstanding book: Gives you a good overview of the architecture of SSAS, as well as the query language MDX, and administrative/maintenance overview. A good primer for a developer OR a system administrator.
The ObservableCollection is most likely the solution , but if it still gives you grief , you can directly access your static resource by calling the following code after your list gets updated : 
I think the correct resolution is to ensure that the prefix stack mechanism gets reset each time the XMLReader is used."
the way this projects i associated is.
For windows 7/8 http://superuser.com/questions/339465/creating-a-virtual-nic-on-windows-7/339475#339475
Ramesh - I would implement this using supertype and subtype relationships in my E-R model. There are a few different physical options you have of implementing the relationships as well.
Wow, great many thanks! File was Data!
Sorry, didn't look at the code until commit... Can you test making it hash to a Long or a 8-byte ByteBuffer?"
Used wrong column names which does not exist in the table.
great memory game great for the mind keep you on your toes. helps with memory.
i hate being that guy, but this is really not the way to do whatever you aretrying to do
This prints ``Press Enter ''to the console and makes sure the input box is empty.
That looks a really excellent article , thanks for linking it . : ) Where are you getting stuck ? Do your logfiles show attempts to access the mobile content ? If you add some logging to your browser detection , can you tell when the Opera Mini emulator is connecting vs when a desktop browser connects ? 
If using a numeric key , make sure the datatype is giong to be large enough to hold the number of rows you might expect the table to grow to . If using a guid , does the extra space needed to store the guid need to be considered ? Will coding against guid PKs be a pain for developers or users of the application . If using composite keys , are you sure that the combined columns will always be unique ? 
I just got through this exact problem. What a pain! If you are running a 32-bit JVM on a 64-bit Windows, make sure that you set the execution policy for the 32-bit Powershell interface. I found my 32 bit executable here: The 32- and 64-bit Powershell environments are completely distinct so setting the execution policy in one has no effect on the other.
And ` NaN ==== NaN ` will make you even angrier ( syntax errors always do ! ) 
Mika Tuupola: If you are Interested in my modified jeditable (added two callback events), you can . It would be great if you would provide these events in your official version of jeditable! Here is my (simplified) integration code. I use the events for more then just for the hover effect. It's just one usecase.
Answer coming late. But anyway ... here goes: If it's indeed PIC S9(9) COMP and not COMP-3 then it's not a 'sinister' COBOL packed field but a simple 4 byte integer!
It will be great if you could confirm it either way first.
I'm working with JBoss 6.1 and just hit this issue. There's no emptySessionPath option in my server.xml. So, how can this be done for version 6.1?
Calculate the height is easy , enjoy : Hope it will help ! UPDATE ! ! ! You only need : Instead of : 
You can try the BringWindowToTop function to not steal focus. I haven't used it, but it seems to be what you're looking for.
@CodemonkeyKing, no worries! =D
I am trying to create a plot of several data series that are contained in a pandas DataFrame . Let ' s use as an example : This code produces a simple line chart with two different data series : However , if I try and create this same plot in a PyQt widget using , I only get a single line . My code for the second example is a little more involved : When I run this code , the output looks this : If anyone can shed any light on this , it would be hugely appreciated ! Thanks . 
These will not jump : They are , however , soul destroying and extremely ugly . 
Why am i using over 80% CPU when just hovering some links? As you can see in the video i uploaded: the CPU goes to >80% CPU when i move my mouse over the links. My style for the items are as follows Why?
Does anyone know how to print a barcode to the Intermec PB20 bluetooth printer from a Windows Compact Framework application> We are currently using the Intermec LinePrinter API but have been unable to find a way to print a barcode.
When opening Adobe Acrobat Pro, whether it be through Applescript or finder, the introductory dialog is shown. Is there a way to not show this dialog without already having checked the "Don't Show Again" option when opening a document using Applescript? Photoshop and Illustrator Applescript libraries have ways of setting interaction levels and not showing dialogs, but I can't seem to find the option in Acrobat.
( So the problem is CODE_FRAGMENT ).
Is it possible to pass 3 parameters into a selenium command via IDE? e.g.
In the following string , I ' m trying to add an additional span around the but keep it inside the . I ' ve tried prepend and wrap before and after the . html , but can ' t get it or anything to do it correctly . Result would look Here ' s the full snippet if that helps : Any help would be hugely appreciated ! 
amazing! awesome app for mathematics. worth thousand starts. thanks devs. though the ui is hard to understand. thanks for the small size
It ' s HORRIBLE ! No , seriously , I don ' t like it . 
If you insist using CODE_FRAGMENT, you can try the below 2 ways.
This is how I would do it... I really hate javascript popups...
Here is an example I don't understand.
I've decided to use the FreeFileSync tool from There is some effort to configure it to ignore some files and folders, but the tool provides nice filter possibilities. Configuring these filters can be very time consuming but they're working fine :) Thank's for all your help!
Android camera stuff is extremely frustrating, I understand that. Make sure to read through all of the and check out this code below referenced from :
I'm only generating the AutoGeneratedClass. The GenericClass and its GenericHandler() method are hand-coded in a different assembly from the AutoGeneratedClass altogether. So I'm afraid this won't work.
You should really check out . I evaluated it quite a bit last year and really liked it although in the end we deployed TFS2008 and so we ' re using TeamBuild to get a lot of the integration goodness . But really FinalBuilder had TONs of prebuilt build activities , great support for lots of environments and tools , and a nice IDE for designing it all . 
I've a program test to see if the user input is a positive number and an integer.
Runnable example ( adapted from answer to your previous question ).
I have one of the Microsoft keyboards with their Function lock... man I hate that thing.
Excellent! This is exactly what I needed. Thanks!
Wow great answer and very quick!. Explained everything.
Doubles aren't compared that way in real life...
Aaarrggh, how stupid of mine  to have a System.out, again!
(Really awful title.) Anyway: can I somehow make Scala infer the type of in 2nd line? This works as expected after adding the type: And is certainly the expected type:
I would say you should be worried about using primitives over wrappers only when you profile your application and see that the autoboxing is a performance or memory issue. In my experience memory becomes an issue before CPU cycles when talking about primitives vs wrapping objects.
What is context and what is CODE_FRAGMENT?
I have the following javascript: for some reason, in IE only, it chokes on "css.appendChild(css_data);" Giving the error: "Unexpected call to method or property access" What's going on?
sorry old xml here is the used one:<?xml version=""1.0"" encoding=""UTF-8""?><root><value>??? und ??????"
How to correctly print a CString to messagebox? There is nothing appear..
I have a CODE_FRAGMENT starting alongside with app.
Wow - why would someone vote to close? This is a great debate!!
We have a 3 - tier web application written in ASP . Net Webforms where we will not be able to port it - recession really sucks ! - to MVC . Our goal is to implement a plugin architecture . One way would be to use the App _ Code folder . Are there any better alternatives ? 
Anyway, their current behavior does not allow what you want.
The more I use UpdatePanels the more I hate them. I suggest you learn jQuery or another javascript library and avoid using UpdatePanels all together.
awsome love this game.when is space ace going to be available??
That's funny, this is exactly what I am attempting to figure out the best way to do at the moment. I had thought of using a ViewStack, but as I already have a lot of other nested ViewStacks being used, I was also looking into the State tag. If anyone knows "the right thing" to do I'll be very interested too!
this app is a waste of time. i can log in but it always freezes and eventually crashes. i do not feel confident with the security on this app if wf can leave us hanging with a horrible app for such a big bank. uninstalled htc one
The CODE_FRAGMENT method will block until it can read a token.
They don't vote, they whine that something (or everything) sucks.
Would use double.TryParse, it has performance benefits.
I have two namespaces : 1 ) Foo . Bar 2 ) Another . Foo . Bar From a class in namespace 2 , how do I reference a class in namespace 1 ? Using Foo . Bar leaves you in namespace 2 still ... I hope this is reasonably clear ! Thanks . 
In my WinForms app ( C # ) I have a circle ( defined by a ) that I am presently filling with a solid color . I would like to fill this with a circular ( not linear ) gradient ( so one color in the center fades to another color uniformly around the edges ) . I have experimented with , but am having no luck ( I still see a solid color ) . If anyone has any sample code that does this , that would be terrific ! 
I need all subclasses to execute CODE_FRAGMENT, but I can't rely on them doing it explicitly.
The following program prints 0, not std::string::npos as I expected. Why?
And here is how you can get back the term vectors from ES.
I have 2 files I need to merge based on 2 columns. I have tried using awk as well as tried combining the 2 columns using _ and then using the join command. When using join, some records were not matched, even after sorting, and multiple records were created. Using awk I can match the files correctly, but cannot get the output to print with zeroes when no match exists. File 1: File 2: Desired output: Any help would be hugely appreciated, I am new to large data files and unix!
Throw a specific/custom exception and set a specific CODE_FRAGMENT for that.
This is a great question! I would love to see some real world analysis on this.
I'd forgotten to put the code tags around it and everything was garbled and the formatting was terrible for about the first 90 seconds of life. Apologize to those who clicked quickly and saw the garbage.
What libraries/methods that you know of can do some basic HTML representation in Swing? Can you comment on your experience?
Apparently there's the very obvious "Client" property which I completely missed!
This doesn't do title case, where small words (articles and prepositions) should not be capitalized.
I'm starting to think of "DLL Hell."
I ' d really love the surrounding content to " scroll " up / down in when using Scroll - but would also love the appropriate div to " fade " in . 
Enumerating all partitions of a set is . Now , all permutations of all partitions of a set will be , although the example is a bit artificial . Now , to come up with a useful algorithm it ' s a totally different story . I am not aware of any such algorithm , and in any case its scaling will be absolutely awful . 
I'd just keep creating my own dependency properties, personally. It really isn't much extra work, and then you don't have to worry about any of the possible caveats.
Awesome speedup! Finally all this work shows great results!!
@ ravenspoint : If you want to create the object on the heap now and delete it after execution in an other thread , I should probably remind you of RAII - > very bad programming style ! ! ! Or do you want to make some silly synchronisation to ensure the data is still valid , when being read by the new thread ? 
I don't understand why all the answers assume Rails. Is that indicated in the question?
Basically I have some code to check a specific directory to see if an image is there and if so I want to assign a URL to the image to an ImageControl.
Not sure why but I am getting following error from my FILE_NAME.
Excellent! I'm glad you were able to get it work for you. Best of luck with SAS!
Recently I've started Operating Systems course...now going through its contents I'm thinking about learning UNIX from its internals.Also I have completed a Computer Architecture course and really loved it.Can you suggest a good book on UNIX Internals from which I can learn the practical aspects of how the architecture designs work in a real life OS?
I have an old friend who is a mathematician. He has his own math to compress his formulas, which are incredibly beautiful. He works in a program called Mathematica, which transforms the formulas for 3D-shapes. I wonder if it is possible to obtain these figures using Canvas and JavaScript? See attached formula and figure. I know little of this myself. But I would be delighted if some one could show me an example.
Tried it, loved it. Using it right now.
I've looked at what can be done within the NSIS framework we use to build the Windows installer.
Excellent question! I can't figure this out either. Please post the answer here if you figure it out.
There is another angle to this.
For those, who use ShinobiCharts.framework: creating a category on Shinobi classes causes such error. As a workaround, you can replace categories with inheritance (this may be very painful).
What an amazingly great answer. Way to go Cody!
We make heavy use of Velocity in our web application. While it is easy to debug the Java side of things and ensure the Velocity Context is populated correctly, it would be extremely valuable to be able to step through the parsing of the VTL on the merge step, set breakpoints, etc. Are there any tools or IDEs/IDE plugins that would make this kind of thing possible with VTL (Velocity Template Language)?
I want to fetch data from webservice and want to display it in to databse
Right, I've got this horrible mess of html and erb (that does work!), but I want to do things properly and render the whole thing with the method. But I'm not sure how to do this, I can only render text with the link_to at the moment.
What should go into the top level namespace? For example, if I have MyAPI.WebLogic, MyAPI.Compression, etc. If I put classes into the top level namespace, am I violating the principle of encapsulation?
You also do not have to hardcode anything like CODE_FRAGMENT or CODE_FRAGMENT in your reflective code.
Its not quick to do , but you can also run FXCop , and it will alert you to objects that are IDisposable that arent in a using ( ) block . Working on some legacy C # code here at work , I found that whoever wrote it orgininally actually made a " . Dispose ( ) " method is almost every class , even if not needed , but the classes don ' t actually implement IDisposable . Which means in intellisence they all have a Dispose ( ) method , but can ' t be put in using ( ) blocks ... very annoying ! 
I SOLVED IT! I used YouTube API and it works fine :) Thank you for your help!!
Also, the question is why you want to move the column, the other 2 posters have summed up the how, but something about your attempted query worries me: 37 columns is far too many. If you're trying to move a column on table with that many columns, i suspect you are DoingItWrongTM
I find this error when I am trying to open this file.
? good features  slow deliveries  and hit and miss notifications.
I created the simplest possible android app which starts the RegisterActivity generated by the plugin, where I did plug the ID, Api Key and project number.
yes another reason to hate IE!
It's really sad when you can't trust your coworkers...
I've been looking at the project as well, which handles MP3/WMA/OGG. I don't know of a single library that handles audio and video files, so you might have to use a few.
This probably sounds really stupid but I have noo idea how to implement jquery's rounded corners (). My javascript-fu is complete fail and I can't seem to get it to work on my page. Can anyone show me a simple example of the HTML and JavaScript you would use to get them to show? Apologies for my idiocy.
excellent app but drains battery this app works really well and does exactly what's it says it does the only problem i had was that it drained my battery a lot cause it is constantly running.
@Cocowalla The CLR does not manage native resources. However, if a process terminates, all handles are freed by the system (the OS, not the CLR).
I always recommend for a good starting point for beginners - especially those who have seen SQL but never understood how to build up a query them selves or how they work. All Celko's books are great. Hernandez's Mere Mortals book is good. Ken Henderson's books are also excellent.
i can't find it : \
I wrote something that does work, but it's extremely ugly, but thought it could either help someone else or we could get something better. Here's what I came up with:
I have this jQuery code: why $(this) doesn't work in a setTimeout method?
I've been very happy with bulk-loader. We've integrated it with Parsley's MVC and IoC frameworks - - with great success.
However when I try to run FILE_NAME, it gives ``The system cant find the path specified error ''for the batch file.
Tools -> Options -> Projects & Solutions -> Build and Run "On Run, when projects are out of date:" Select "Always Build" That's it, had it myself, extremely annoying.
Sorry [~fiberlijun] - havent had a chance to look at it yet.
Sorry for the spam - but which test method - can't find any related to the SnapPuller on trunk.
I was wondering if is there any jQuery plugin or something to create a search bar similar to Mac's Mail app, where you can search inside specific categories, very awesome Thanks in advance!
We use Hessian in our software, and I wish the previous developers didn't do this as we now have to access the hessian endpoint from C++. It's a pain and I prefer things to be in simple HTTP xml or json.
A container is a concept in IoC where the object model, including dependencies (relationships between "user" object and "used" object) and object instances, reside and is managed -- e.g., contained. The container is usually provided by a IoC framework, such as Spring. Think of it as a runtime repository for the objects that make up your application.
Wow, you are right, thanks! I'll accept Brians' answer.
I'm unable trigger a click on the body tag using jQuery, I'm using this... even this fails Any ideas?!
While working with netbeans I have to make a new file of category CODE_FRAGMENT.
@MarkHarrison: can I use that online?
You can setup your API_NAME as filtered resource and have this value filled by maven from maven profile settings - that what we do.
I knew about the _viemurc/.viemurc file, but I didn't realize you could map commands to VS ones with vsc. Very good tip!
You should look into the SDL library () as it supports multiple platforms and has bindings for a variety of programming languages. It also supports OpenGL. Good luck!
I think it speaks volumes about IE that the keyCodes for the arrow keys form an angry sad face: %&'( (works better in the comment text entry font)
There is a book called which details pen and paper drawing and what you can gain from it . I think it has a lot of benefits , particularly that you can , very early on ( and easily ) , modify what the end result will be without much effort , and then start off on the right foot . 
Awesome - great stuff Maria.  Thanks!
should be \'s you can tell my preferred environment....
@grieve: Networking is native, meaning that when buffers are used the receive/send data on the network, they are pinned in memory. see my comments below for elaboration.
What technologies are you using? You can write direct to Word 2007+ (.docx) as it's basically just a zip file with XML in it (in an awful and poorly documented format, but never mind). If you're using the older binary format then it all depends on which 3rd-party tool you're using to write to document.
? eats battery life like the cookie monster eats cookies. has the most features of any other system app. slows the system to a crawl. unistalled.
i'm having a difficult time figuring out to properly sort arraylists FILE_NAME though.
I'm thinking of creating a small offline blog editor for personal use and I don't know how do the APIs work. Where can I find this information? I'm particularly looking for the most common providers: Blogger, Wordpress, MovableType, Live Spaces (not sure if this has an API) etc.
holy crap i lack the words to describe just how amazing this is on 4.1+. seriously  i've tried to explain it to people who haven't used it  and i just can't. i fail as an orator.  pretty pointless on older android versions though. although i have to wonder what the typical 1 star trolls are going on about battery use. the amount of my battery this uses is almost nonexistent. and complaining that an optional opt-in feature is running in the background when its entire purpose is to run in the background is just stupid.
Pull it back in if you think different.
You absolutly need to be compiling FILE_NAME JRE NUMBER!!
I'll suppose that field() is a function that you've created to get a single field according to some conditions how about this code?: i'd be really amazed if this code is not working correctly Good Luck!
I was wondering if it is possible to do something like this.
I created public and private key with cygwins ssh and pasted the public key into bitbucket account. says the ssh connection works fine! (so it should work!!!) Then I post into mercurial.ini in TortoiseHg And I post Into the hgrc file. But then when I want to push TortoiseHg says to me: Seems to me something is missing here but what exactly? Edit: I don't want to used TortoisePlink because it is SUPER SUPER SUPER SLOW! And https just cancels the connection after uploading several megabytes.
No, n % 7 + 1 actually returns n + 1 unless n == 7 in which case it returns 1.
And now my app is getting it's app Token and i can use it to publish messages but the problem is those messages can not be viewed on the app page it self.
I'm a novice programmer who is attempting assembly for the first time. Sorry in advance if this is an incredibly lame question. I have a character stored in the EAX register, but I need to move it to my DL register. When I try: mov dl, eax I get an error C2443: operand size conflict. I know that the eax register is 32 bit while the dl is 8 bit... am I on to something?? How do I go about solving this.
for E.g. I want to change text in number 2 into.
I want to call a method after each 2 minutes, how can I apply such logic?
I'm trying to customize some TFS work items via the VS2008 xml editor, but every time I open a work item xml file it jumps to the graphical designer. All that gives me is a "View XML" button that doesn't let you edit the xml directly.
How do you manage deploying InfoPath forms to different sharepoint servers? Is there a better way to deal all the data connections being site-specific without opening the forms, editing the data connections and republishing for each environment?
I have stupidly deleted the original test dir, but judging from the suite's output files, no output was created after 3 1/2 hours.
is there anyway to have two TextView in one AutoCompleteTextView result? e.g. And so on... The ArrayAdapter only allows one binding for a view so how could I bind more views in the adapter? Like so: I've created a new xml layout for the layout parameter in the ArrayAdapter except when I bind the TextView to the string array, it only sets the text to the TextView with the given id. I've also searched through the other posts about this one and it did not suit my needs. If anyone could help that would be absolutely great :) Thank you.
for flow control Steven; the question seems to be about whether this pattern should be used, which seems to be rather subjective based on the answers, but it's an excellent question for thought.
Arrrghhh, how I hate those people who downvote answers without leaving a comment as for why the downvote...
@PabloB. sir, this is sad :(
I suggest you open the file using a and share that instead of the .
thanks edgar for finding this one!
I was thinking of creating a new JSONArray object and copy node which contains Carlos.
You'll need to create or call a refresh function from the same place as the alert() in the .get() call. That function is a success post-back.
Curious that none of them considered Stopwatch yet? Precise and bigger than , not involving OS horrific perf counters, WMI or native calls, and well really simple:
Shameeeee on me!!!
@sixlettervariables: No, I'm not asking. I'm scared of the answer.
everything i wanted takes less space than default clock of moto x  and packs so much info. the default settings are pretty impressive. did not have to customize much. won't mind paying for it.
Are all URL ' s encrypted when using SSL ( https ) encryption ? I would like to know because I want all URL data to be hidden when using SSL ( https ) . If SSL gives you total URL encryption then I don ' t have to worry about hiding confidential information form URLs . 
I'm trying to run a Windows command in Python that requires admin access. I have figured out a way using runas, but it opens a User Account Control Pop-Up, which almost defeats the purpose of the automation and is really annoying! Is there any way around this? Here's my code for the admin command:
@Filip - because I was afraid I'd insult your intellect!
JSTL will make the CODE_FRAGMENT tag available which can be used to iterate over you collection.
is a metadata management system developed on the Microsoft SharePoint platform that heavily leverages RDF, OWL, and SPARQL. It has some big customers in the broadcast space and is an excellent example of enterprise use of these technologies.
This is excellent! Thanks Dustin, that's exactly what I was looking for!
Excellent! Exactly what I needed :)
I suspect there may not be a good solution for this right now.
I really hate to answer my own question but I found the problem and the report is opening as of right now. I only came across this by chance but it seemed to work. I changed the setting of Display on SharePoint Site to Do Not Display. I never noticed that option before so I gave it a try. SharePoint is on the laptop which I didn't know at the time and I know nothing about it, but at least it shows on the screen now.
If the data you want to store is already a String, the conversion is a pain.
thus I tried to write my own tool using Ruby, which can be found in here.
i have 3 textbox for a valid phone : phone_part1 ,phone_part2,phone_part3 , how can i use jquery.validate to validate 3 as a valid phone_number: phone_part1: 3 number phone_part2: 4 number phone_part3: 4 number they both required , and if one of them is not valid , then output one validation message : please input a valid phone number. i'm not familiar with jquery.validate , thanks for any help !! and if you can do this use mvc data anotation attribute with client validation , that's pretty pretty good !! thanks
Poor Steve just got screwed over by people not reading what he wrote correctly. I hate it when that happens, but I can understand why they read it the way they did. You left the statement rather ambiguous.
You can use the new function that's available on the File class (I believe it's only available in AIR 2) eg:
Excellent answer, thanks! Wish I could give you more points.
I was wondering - when making my website - how i can put a bottom margin that lifts an a-tag up. CSS: And here's also my html: I really hope you can help me out :) greetings form the Netherlands!
I'm working on Java web application and using from and as a web server. When i build the project, build complete successfully but when i start , the files that created during build in folder, getting to deleted!!
Sorry, it seems I forgot a few references to 2.0.2 in ./deps/cxf-all.I'm attaching a new patch to fix these references."
After configure FILE_NAME to handle the payment process, following the instructions from here, I run my application and try checkout an order with paypal.
I tried PekWM for some time . I really liked it . It allowed me to group programs of the same type , for example : Terminals . 
I have a few classes which do nothing except in their constructors/destructors. Here's an example I'm a little concerned about future readability. Am I being too "tricksy" here, with a variable ("busy") which is never actually used in the code? Could some static analysis tool suggest they be removed, or is this idiom sufficiently common not to worry about?
To get the width of the image you can use this code: You could use this in the document preamble to create a new command to automatically set the width: and then, in your document: I hope this helps!
Pretty self explanatory question . I just don ' t know how to do it . I ' ve been using Eclipse for about a month so I still have a lot to learn . I ' m using the newest version of eclipse Juno and need to push the app ( or email it ) to my MyTouch . How would I do it from eclipse , as that is the way I would prefer ? If I should just email it , would I email the whole project folder or just a particular piece of code ? I thank you for all your help in advance . This site has been so incredibly helpful ! 
It's impossible to receive unicast UDP packets in Silverlight (rage!!!).
This is an amazing requirement! Can we please know why you would want to do such a thing?
This sounds an excellent project ! You might want to start with the module . You might also be interested in the module . Perhaps to get you started , here ' s a function that takes a path to a file and backs the file up by copying it and giving it a . bak extension . 
But this library has a dependency to other native library, which cames bundled with the API_NAME.
I usually don't post meta comments, but 29k views and 7 upvotes? That is sad
I have a main flash from wich i load another swf file from the server. From time to time i change the second swf file and want to load a fresh copy from the server. I clean the cache from the browser but my client does not know how to do that and it's a pain to give him directions. If i want to load a fresh copy of the main swf i just add a "main.swf?version2" but i can't do that with the loadMovie function in flash. Any ideas how i can get a fresh copy from the server without changing the name of the file?
I personally only use the 'm' and the 'p'. The rest is just zany in my view. It makes the code so darn hard to decipher. I did maintenance work on this guy's code who used semi-Hungarian notation type id prefixes on every variable, function, and other identifier in the code. He used $ signs liberally to separate words. It was hard to keep the murderous rage in check.
While this is excellent advice, as other answers state, there is a more nuanced answer in the case of an immutable, safely published map instance. But you should do that only if You Know What You're Doing.
Okay, so given the overwhelmingly negative response, does anybody think db image storage is _ever_ justified?
I don't know why the editor is giving me so much trouble. At first the code blocks wouldn't do anything but indent, so I had to change it to pre tags. Then my carefully numbered sequence is now all 1s. This thing is making me look ridiculous!
done... stackoverflow makes you wait several minutes. I really hate that
I have just read and I really loved to the question. Naturally, an interesting question popped in my head... How to add my own events (of my own applications) in the Control Panel -> Sounds and Audio Devices -> Sounds -> Program Events? And another related question, that I suppose should be answered here as well is... How do I play those sounds specified in the Control Panel, when the event in my application occurs?
I have a function name called setValue, used in many classes. Also, i have a global function by the same name. When i press C-], it goes to arbitrary setValue function. How do i directly jump to the global setValue function? It is really pain to use tnext every time to find if the function global.
Thanks all for the great responses!! All of these worked
This is really simple and works great! I did a javascript test: http://jsfiddle.net/77eej/2/
Here is what the content of FILE_NAME ended up looking like.
Now in the onCreate method I have insert in all tab, the FILE_NAME, but I will to create three FILE_NAME for the three tabs.
nice great app  easy y to use and lots of choices
I'm in the process of implementing a binary tree in C++. Traditionally, I'd have a pointer to left and a pointer to right, but manual memory management typically ends in tears. Which leads me to my question... Are data structures an appropriate place to use shared_ptr?
You're looking for an equivalent of and I'm afraid it doesn't exist explicitely in the STL. Go for Sebastien's answer if it is correct for your STL implementation.
Sorry guys... :( I was the reason for this trouble.
that's what I thought, that's why I'm surprised
aaaaawesome!!!! Thanks a lot
Never hardcode urls. Always use url helpers when dealing with urls:
You'll need to use a regex for for the CODE_FRAGMENT path expression.
I'm using vbscript, all that does is reverse the setting of checkbox.checked, whichever way it is. As an aside, vbscript is awful to work in.
@R.., excellent reading, many thanks! :D
Everytime I execute my app in debug mode , the execution breaks inside some class file of an external library that I ' m using . Even though it ' s a NullPointerException , for some reason I can hit resume and continue the execution . In case you ' re curious , I ' ve put the stacktrace below . My problem though is that I simply want to stop that . It ' s extremely annoying and happens every now and then during the execution . But I can ' t find any setting anywhere which will prevent breaking inside class files . How do I avoid this ? 
Hehe this is nothing compared to some other little adventures I had with them ^_^" ... I love them *^o^*!!
Due to type erasure, it will have a method CODE_FRAGMENT on the byte code level.
It depends on your OS, CPU, Compiler, and possibly other factors. In general it means the CPU bus could not complete a command, or suffered a conflict, but that could mean a whole range of things depending on the environment and code being run.
yeah it working fine :) Thanks !!
Wow! 3 lines of code instead of a page... I wish I could vote +5.
I really hate asking questions that I feel were asked a thousand times before. This is one of those questions I feel others must have encountered, , none of the supposed solutions work for me so I must be doing something wrong..... I have an extremely simple app setup. index.htm, and terms.htm. There is some textual data in test.htm. I set both and at the appropriate time after stuff has loaded. At first I tried loading terms.htm's data into an element within index using (both test and index are in the same root /assets/www/ directory, and my webview loads index oncreate) but absolutely nothing was happening. So I opted to try .ajax so that I could at least get an error message, and all I get is 'error'. Surely, it is possible to load local textual assets with JQ on DroidGap?
If the answer was a snake , I could have been killed by it , its already in front of me ! 
Can somebody point me to a resource that explains how to go about having 2+ IIS web server clustered (or Webfarm not sure what its called) ? All I need is something basic, an overview how and where to start. Can't seem to find anything...
Instead of loading everything which is neither possible nor really desirable I would use a sliding window instead - when you reach a certain maximum list size (say i.e. 300 items) you automatically remove the top 100 items when you add the next 100 items to the bottom. If you scroll just right after the update this shouldn't even be noticeable by your users.
logically , each " master " entity should be in its own table if you don ' t , you ' ll find joins will become very painful , and your generic lookup table will accumulate all kinds of useless fields 
Great time saver and hidden gem. Excellent!
I ' m just working my way through Django , and really liking it so far , but I have an issue and I ' m not sure what the typical way to solve it . Suppose I have a View which is supposed to be updated when some complex Python object is updated , but this object is not driven by the database , say it is driven by AJAX calls or directly by the user or something . Where does this code go ? Should it still go in models . py ? ? ? ? 
By clever, I mean NOT TO upload once again the files that has been already uploaded (with the same dates, size or checksum...). It would be great, because the Publish method takes a lot of time!
If I can give you one advice on this one, I'd say this: fuck Derby, use H2 instead as the default embedded database.
This is amazing...I had no idea you could control UI elements without even needing to mess with the UI... You are a hero :) thank you!!!!!!!!!!!
Nobody answers here..sad!!!
Cool, that was going to be my next suggestion! Good luck :)
Every intermediate operation of CODE_FRAGMENT, such as CODE_FRAGMENT or CODE_FRAGMENT is actually just some kind of setter that initializes the stream's options.
I want to bulkload my cassandra data from node A to node B. when I set the 'listen_address' of each cassandra.yaml file to localhost, they do not show error on console but the data is never transmitted. when I set each node's listen address to their own local network[eth1 ipv4]address (192.168....), I get the following error. I can read from this error log that the application is trying to access to port 1..4 and I do not have no idea what on earth is going on. each node is on the virtual machine on the Virtual Box Hypervisor. Both OS is centOS. Here is my cassandra.yaml (the cassandra.yaml of target file is also configured the same way) thrift_max_message_length_in_mb: 16 Can anybody give me advice? I am really suffering as hell.
There's some debate over that FAQ entry. Yes, by all means, answer your own question. But if you routinely have a set of pre-baked questions and answers, then this site just becomes a blog, rather than an exchange. You have the misfortune of picking a day when someone abused the spirit of that FAQ.
That can hide an error and keep you searching for dogs a whole week while the problem was really a cat ( ch ).
I have full control of the deployment enviroment, it's an internal intranet application. Office interop/autmation is horrible, and while the documents are generated by C#, we use Aspose.Words. I can accept using interop.automation for printing, going to give it a try.
I have used very successfully ( with a tweakette here or there! )
If I were you I'd tackle it in a slightly different way. Why not add all the data onto your page, but just hide it and only reveal when you want it. That way you don't have to worry about closures and whatnot.
this works super for me! (no pun intended)
Not sure this answers the question accurately, what does everyone else think?
I don ' t want to do anything fancy on Twitter except post to it via my site once a day . I have searched around a bit and there are all sorts of super - complex ways to do every little thing that Twitter does , but there seems to be little documentation on how to do the simplest thing , which is make a post ! Does anyone know how to do this ? Or can you at least point me in the right direction ? I don ' t need full wrappers or anything ( ) , just one simple function that will post to Twitter . Thanks ! 
The folders in the tree would be ``server ''objects ( a FILE_NAME ) created by the root ( the FILE_NAME ) which in turn have`` application'' objects ( FILE_NAME ) created by a method in the server object.
I used multiple requests - batches of 10. I don't want to anger the Api!
How does one make M-( the default behavior for typing an opening "(" character? I want Emacs to automatically insert the closing ")" after the cursor when I type a "(" character regardless of whether it's part of an M-key combination. Additionaly, I want to extend this behavior to quotes, subquotes, brackets and braces. Typing M-( is a pain, and there don't appear to be any comparable forms for those other characters.
Partition it first, to divide the zeros from the non-zeros. Then sort the rest. Oh, and before worrying about that, profile first!
as was already established, this is a miserable, horrible, awful, and terrible idea from a concurrency perspective. Anyway, since your question is really about Go's type system, here's how you would define a type with a recursive method.
All the formatting templates in Eclipse will put the plus on the next row ( which I find really annoying ) , so you can simply apply the code formatter and the plus will end up on the next row . 
You should be able to add the attribute during OnPreRender(). INamingContainer is so painful sometimes...
I've been using yui3 grids lately for my column layouts, and I'm loving them! Here's a link to a great overview/tutorial: This is a very easy and flexible solution, which scales well to even very complex layouts.
Sun RI sucks, why the hell is saveState() and restoreState() not called with with javax.faces.STATE_SAVING_METHOD = server???
Hey I figured it out! I wasn't using Virtual, New, nor Override keywords effectively and I learned how to directly access the Font property of the progressbar control. I bet you guys figured all this out and was letting me think it through. Totally awesome! How did you guys get to be so smart? Well anyway, thanks for letting me learn from the best teacher of all. God bless! Craig. (Now, how do I close this question again?)...
I think your question would be more appropriately phrased as "What are some recommended ways to handle auditing in a database?"
@Pekka - what's the emoticon for being terribly embarrassed!
What can be the reason of this warnings?
There's no such thing. Any such log would have to be programmed into the database, so no worries, you don't have to disable it since it doesn't exist by default!
very useful app is great  tells you exactly what is taking up most space on your phone. very useful when you need to clean your phone up and make space!
After reading a discussion on Ubuntu Forums concerning . Is GLUT dead for graphics programming? Is SDL all the rage now for OpenGL programming?
Why would you want to do that? Your use case sounds extremely malicious.
I suspect it has nothing to do with the file system connector or Infinispan connectors, and is simply a (stupid) mistake in the federated join processor.
I am sorry to say this but most Silverlight grids do not support cell merging. At least not out of the box. I have resorted to using Component One studio for Silverlight in order to achieve this, and even then it hasn't been exactly a walk in the park. Consider C1 Data Grid control. Here is a sample on with sample code and a small write up. The down side of such solutions is that C1's controls are extremely expensive :( I wish Micro$oft came up with some enhancements in SL5 that would accommodate for such issues.
@GMasucci, I'm not saying that all singletons are evil, I'm saying that they are considered such and for a reason. I myself use them sometimes, but I often find that I would be better of without them. I'm not going to start a flame war about singletons here, but if there is a doubt (otherwise, why ask a question?)... Maybe there's enough of a reason not to use them?
At this time, I'm doing this : dateSelected value look this : Fri Sep 11 2009 00:00:00 GMT+0200 (Romance Daylight Time) 2 Options : a) Is it possible to use this in .NET directly (string to DateTime) ? b) I tried several way to return dd/mm/yyyy without success Regards,
Are the elements also initialized to '\0' when allocating memory to a string through malloc?
I've updated the fiddle. I had to use classes to get it to work, so its not 100% perfect imo.
Excellent tool! Thanks for making it available.
In your particular example, the code is asymmetric because the HTTP service it designed to talk to is asymmetric.
Don't forget about ! JSON seems to have better support though. For example, the library has excellent built-in JSON functions.
@mahadev - I would love to help test a patch :) I'm currently using 3.3.1 + ZOOKEEPER-744 + ZOOKEEPER-790, applied in that order.
As a dev I worry about event logs getting full and then hitting an error when logging an error. But I suppose you have to deal with 'logging' failures with whatever you are logging to (file/db).
A (it doesn't have to be a class; structs and interfaces can be partial too) is basically a single type which has its code spread across multiple files. The main use for this is to allow a code generator (e.g. a Visual Studio designer) to "own" one file, while hand-written code is put in another. I've no idea whether Python/Perl have the same capabilities, I'm afraid.
You can change the foreground and background colors of the output by modifying the and of the object. For example, if you really hate your eyes:
[~shazron]Sorry, that was weird.
Duplicate question http://stackoverflow.com/q/650238/684229
I absolutely hate how tabs work in Xcode. However, the only workaround i found that works decent is using the OSX tabs shortcuts: CTRL + CMD + -> CTRL + CMD + <-
So I am using the android Alarm to try and hit a PHP script every 3 minutes....it's going to check if a notification needs to be sent to the user. I keep getting a nullpointer exception, and whats more weird is...whenever I run another POST or GET request, the alarm fires off as well (even though its set to ONLY every 3 minutes...) Here is my code for the alarm (AlarmReceiver): here is my code to set the alarm (on MainActivity):
Good luck with your image processing adventures ! I found it very fulfilling on a technical level when I was in that area : ) 
What are the ways to retrieve data submitted to the web server from a form in the client HTML in ASP.NET?
This is a terrible idea, as a compact on a database already in a suspect state can lose data that would otherwise be recoverable before the compact. Compact On Close should under all circumstances be turned OFF.
+1 for makeself. I totally loved that. :)
If I understand your question correctly , the exception is because variable is not found inside the function . I ' d suggest learning scoping rules in Python or read this excellent to - the - point chapter on the topic ( or search for this topic on the Web ! ) . The other thing I ' d recommend is not to handle all exceptions as you ' ve shown in your snippet . Here ' s why . The fixed code could look something this : 
I expected there to be a CODE_FRAGMENT Menu in the CODE_FRAGMENT, but there is none.
This isn't really pythonic so much as tortured, but here's a short version (with meaningless 1-character variable names, no less!)
I modified your code and here is a working Downloader class. (@SbastienNussbaumer improved this answer and @TobiasKienzler reviewed changes: thanks a lot guys!) Simple to use: Output when download complete: Enjoy:-) And the event class:
I'm having an extremely frustrating experience attempting to change directories in python using variables within the program. Specifically, suppose I have: gives OSError: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: '$dir_name' and yet returns 'Directory_Name_999' (a valid directory name) and similarly changes the directory without error. Where am I going wrong here?
You might want to poke around in , and also the . Another place where you can specifically ask questions is the Yahoo Users Group for TOAD - send an email to toad-subscribe@yahoogroups.com Hope this helps! Mike
That really stinks! I was afraid of that...
jQuery version 1.2.6. The site is ASP.NET MVC, but that should be irrelevant.
i have an assignment at my company to build a custom cms, for the foundation i ve chosen latest laravel(version 4, i believe). Now, the requirements in laravel docs() say minimal version of php on server required is 5.3.7, our servers have php 5.3.23. I am right now on a weekend, so i cant check my code on the server( been developing the basics on localhost with xampp which has latest php). Has anyone tried laravel 4 on pre-5.3.7 php?? i m very worried all of last week's work is going to the bin... :(
How should I encode these 2 parameters to be consistent with what w3schools says is correct ( or is w3schools wrong? )
If its just the quotes you are worried about, then just write a simple loop to dump character by character to a string ignoring the quotes. Alternatively if you are using some string manipulation library, you can use it to remove all quotes and then concatenate them.
A workaround might be to use reflection, however this isn't a generally recommended approach for a number of reasons ( brittleness, performance problems, breaking encapsulation, etc ).
Another thing I hate to see is the : I've seen this in real code.
Great! Good to hear it. Can you please accept my answer? :)
Why it technically does not work without CODE_FRAGMENT.
Actually this is possible , though extremely difficult ! This post will get you started : 
I completely agree with you on that subject. In practice I think TDD often has some very negative effects on the code base (crappy design, procedural code, no encapsulation, production code littered with test code, interfaces everywhere, hard to refactor production code because everything is tightly coupled to many tests etc.). has given talks on exactly this topic for a while now: Recent studies (Siniaalto and Abrahamsson) of TDD show that it may have no benefits over traditional test-last development and that in some cases has deteriorated the code and that it has other alarming (their word) effects. The one that worries me the most is that it deteriorates the architecture. -- There is also a between Robert C. Martin and James Coplien where they touch on this subject.
I know that IList is the interface and List is the concrete type but I still don ' t know when to use each one . What I ' m doing now is if I don ' t need the Sort or FindAll methods I use the interface . Am I right ? Is there a better way to decide when to use the interface or the concrete type ? 
Not only it's the first one in my life I'm seeing multiple ways of closing the same thing, it also conceals programming errors.
Sorry, I'll clarify my answer as to what I mean by desktop Flash. Is the issue here that you want to impose limits, or you're afraid you'll exceed them? Or just checking whether there are any?
I have a page that uses excanvas to draw some images . While testing the new page in IE6 , one computer attempts to open office 2000 and install a missing component . If the office 2000 install is canceled the vml images appear . This problem only happens on one of my test machines but it still worries me . Anyone seen this issue when using IE6 and excanvas before ? 
Here's a question about what's the difference between them: Gson Type Adapter vs. Custom Deseralizer.
james, the stack trace under that is just my function name. Nothing more. very frustrating :(
Could you rewrite the question to reflect that?
The screen which shows whenever i start Netbeans is very annoying, and among the hundreds of options I can't find the one which turns it off?
lint is constantly updated... so why would you want a more recent one. BTW flexelint is lint
Holy complicated-as-shit-algorithm, Batman! The complexity of our implementation vs the complexity of what we're actually doing is starting to worry me here.
You include your if / switch in a Factory which takes care of the ugliness and hides the abundance of ifs.
In the absence of tuples, they're sometimes the cleanest way to do things. I generally hate them, though. F# has some nice syntactical sugar for dealing with them. Rather than making me deal with parameters, it treats them as methods that return tuples instead. The various methods end up returning two element tuples: It's quite handy, and doesn't make me feel dirty.
Don't want to beat a dead horse, but it is really important that you understand that this is a terrible idea.
Methods that are not ' const ' will most likely change the state of the object . That is exactly the reasoning behind object orientation : you call operations that do stuff , and you don ' t have to worry about the object ' s internal state . 
IIRC , the max baud was effectively limited only by the H / W - I wrote my config to allow up to 1.3 Mb , but I was targeting modems over RS - 232 so 115K was the max that I needed , and likely the max that I ever will . 
Make sure the designer doesn ' t put anything that he thinks is fancy and well animated . Many a times , it becomes a big pain to simulate such effects in ASP . net unless you are a pro with CSS or Javascript . Coordination between designer and developer is a must according to me , so I would prefer to sit close to a designer till the base design of the page is finalized . 
Hate to break the bad news , but SSHClient ( ) already uses threads internally . 
I intended to post this quote. It is very true :-)
freezes when browser loads freezes when browser loads to play game
Take a look at DateTime . ParseExact to turn the string into a date and then use them as regular DateTime ranges . The regex will be awful if possible ! ! 
Java doesn't have in built method on array to do slice but there are classes which can help you with it.
Then, to make matters worse, since the mid-1990's I've been offering pro bono advice to non-profit foundations whose members insult me regularly and assume I'm an amateur.  
It might be questionable, but not a cause for rejection as long as you have a fallback behavior when/if the method can not be found. There are worse abuses that have passed.
rdx king fabulous game... bt the problem is i cant login with facebook therefore i give 3.. plz fix that bug and i will give 5
You can easily define a comparator for a one-level , so that lookup becomes way less cumbersome. There is no reason of being afraid of that. The comparator defines an ordering of the _Key template argument of the map. It can then also be used for the multimap and set collections. An example:
to get this index, use getElementIdx ( col, row ).
thnx man, it works really good, awesome stuff !!!
I agree, I would use two functions. Basically, you have two different use cases, so it makes sense to have two different implementations. I find that the more C++ code I write, the fewer parameter defaults I have - I wouldn't really shed any tears if the feature was deprecated, though I would have to re-write a shed load of old code!
Version 2 of contains a debugger . And it works awesome ! It is still in very early stages , but have helped me several times . Just watch out for bugs ! : ) 
Effectively what needs to happen is that changes I have marked as live or stable needs to be merged with the Live website . This effectively means I don ' t have to worry about accidently copying over files and if something goes wrong it could be reverted to the previous version again . I ' ll investigate post _ commit hook but I ' ll have to find a way to do a backup first so that a problem with subversiondoesn ' t kill the site . 
You need to encapsulate the regex pattern in quotes.
Great question, but please update the accepted answer to IainMH's! :)
It might be a good idea to remove info from the table but remember that SQL works pretty fine with millions of rows ! In your case , I ' d run a cronjob every day that removes the rows that got made longer then 48h ! I think that this would be enough . 
with the interoperability approach ( wsdl - first ) , are you still hand coding the wsdl ? If so , are you still running into the same pain points you ' ve described ? Or have you have you found a better solution ? 
I am trying to build an application that can request files from a service running on another machine in the network . These files can be fairly large ( 500mb + at times ) . I was looking into sending it via TCP but I ' m worried that it may require that the entire file be stored in memory . There will probably only be one client . Copying to a shared directory isn ' t acceptable either . The only communication required is for the client to say " gimme xyz " and the server to send it ( and whatever it takes to ensure this happens correctly ) . Any suggestions ? 
You use the simple array with the fix size 5.
Yes, yes it is. It is really horrible though. There is also this atrocity:
Sorry for being confusing.
Any suggestions on how to fix?
This was a very quick and excellent way to show me everything I needed!
Excellent question! I know this is an old post, but it saved me on a big project I am working on... so, thanks!
-1 This is due to omitting "var" before "a" making it global and is unrelated to the question.
I Add Junit >> > right click on project - > properties - > Java Build Path - > libraries - > add library.
this is a terrible idea for webapps
been trying to save my data from my while loop to script variables but no success. Did an example if how I want to save my php data to script variables. This doesn't work for me. Anyone have any idea? Don't want to save all data manually. Very greatful for answers! Ask if you don't understand :)
I hate it when a simple cosmetic change is invisible to me and causes my things to not work right but I forget about the change i made!
Oh, how I hate iframes!!!
Technically, XHTML can not be poorly formed. A stipulation of XHTML is that it is well formed and valid. Sorry for the lame comment, invalid XHTML angers me.
I don't care if everything is pretty or not, but we should at least support basic admin functionality in IE IMO (though I have not used it for years for just about anything).
can talk a bit more about the not so normal .net experience? I was thinking to go for Mosso...
The following article will help you : [ Auto - bind byte [ ] to asp : Image ] ( http : / / www . codeproject . com / Tips / 445876 / Auto - bind - byte - to - asp - Image ) 
wow! this is friggin' awesome - i remember this game was in a great 80's arcade  back in the day and in my former home town. what memories! many quarters blown on this one...can't wait for space ace!
Databases are much better at handling data than Java.
game glitch when playing the games freezes alot. i prefer it on the computer. i really love this game please fix this.
There are an awful lot of C/C++ libraries out there, most no longer updated. There's not much for C#, but I have seen a couple. I haven't really used any of them in anger, so I can't give any recommendations. I would start with and see if you find anything of use there. Alternatively, a search for on sourceforge.net has plenty of results.
Excellent. I had the 4.5.1234.4 build and didn't see an update yesterday. Thanks!
I am currently developing a system on a server running PHP version 5.1.6 thus I am forced to use Symfony 1.1 in the current environment. I am planning to migrate the application from 1.1 to 1.2 in the somewhat near future and I was wondering if anyone has any experience with this? I have attempted to migrate a system from 1.0 to 1.1 and that was a major pain in the rear. How has it been for anyone out there migrating from Symfony 1.1 to 1.2?
To stop this runnable, you have to call this when needed.
Well, you are really brave! Implementing a Linq provider all be yourself...
so im using a simple submit binding to pass a function data: i just started working with KO so i was to write a basic print function to test this input out: my problem is when i hit submit i get a "you entered: undefined" but when i refresh the page the input that is in the form gets an alert. this is very frustrating! idk if this is a knockout problem or a simple HTML one.
Hey Vikram-- sorry about that, I haven't paid much attention to this issue.
Is it possible ( or desirable ? ! ) to set up to behave more ? For example , instead of writing why can ' t I just write Similarly , instead of why not just 
Check out It does the "THIS IS NOT A FUNCTIONAL APP" napkin view very well and is easy to use. Has a full featured you can try out online and as an added bonus you can email your XML to your client and they can tweak it and play with it and email it back to you without having to have a license.
I can't believe one of those Regex haters hasn't posted a comment about how parsing HTML with Regex contributes to the rise of Cthulhu!
Cool - good information to have.  Thanks Lance!
Great! Thank you.
SORRY! had some syntax issue, i fixed it and it works now...what should i do with the question?
no worries! it happens all the time.
Hope it works, if you can upvote my answer I'd really appreciate it! :)
Excellent! Thanks! that worked. But how is the performance compared to writing it as 2 separate SELECT queries?
You can set the document . domain but if I remember correctly a few browsers ( Opera ) will not even allow this . I am afraid your answer is to create some sort of proxy on the subdomain that you can talk through 
I ' m trying to create a grid ( matrix ) of squares in a given area with n columns and m rows , and an option to set a spacing between the squares if desired . The grid should fill squares with random coloring . I ' d also to add a zoom function , so the colored squares will appear much bigger in a region that is double - clicked . Can anyone suggest a good method to generate the grid and assign random colors to the squares ? If you can suggest how to create the zoom effect too that would be SUPER : ) I ' m new to canvas , so any method help would be great ! Thanks 
For example: if I have an excel sheet populated, I can change the value of certain cells while leaving the value of others?
Well, keep in mind that (in theory) you have the original code to help, as well as the text of the log messages. The only thing that should be obfuscated would be the class and member names. In addition, many tools (Dotfuscator is one) create a map file to tell you what obfuscated construct name maps back to which original name - this can make it a pain to figure out exactly where the log messages come from, but nowhere near impossible.
255 projects ! WOW ! well I can see that happening for what you do...
great answer - this code works a charm on Mac OSX ! : - ) doing a few settings up front removes code duplication when accessing settings from many places , see http : / / developer . qt . nokia . com / doc / qt - 4.8 / qsettings . html # basic - usage 
Work-around (horrible horrible invasive work-around) I got around this by subclassing UIApplication to track all screen touches. By holding on to the last touch location, I can, in the delegate, map the location to the link to determine whether or not it should be considered valid: MyCustomApplication.m (use it in main.m) And map it...
@Randolpho: Depends on how it is used. A common view is that any markup (HTML or otherwise) embedded in code is a horrible idea (see Uncle Bob's book on that)
I'd say spike should be part of the iteration plan. not just in time. They should be accounted for the story they belong to. Even reading of parts of the manual should be estimated. And now for the hard part: don't be afraid to give high estimates. Realistic is ALWAYS better than too low. ;)
Edited my answer. It now references *Unicode and permalinks*.
Ah - and if SHA - 1 is so expensive that adding that salt will in fact cost the hacker years then it is also going to be so expensive that you ' ll probably be suffering to add to CC number 10,000 . But you can always just test it vs your expected customer base size and see if it hurts of not . 
And I think if we're going to do a sweep up of shit, we should just kill root.
FlexeLint is a commercial product which has no development history in common with Johnson's original Unix Lint, AFAIK. A non-commercial alternative is Splint.
If you are looking for a way to write to streams in a more intuitive way, try CODE_FRAGMENT.
We added this snippet to LocalSettings.php, with great success: Thanks!
my beans are destroyed, How on startup I can get the same bean registered.
If you package this code in a class library I did , you ' ll have to change the access modifier from ` internal ` to ` public ` . Excellent code , saved me a lot of time . 
The cause is that the call to SpecificResponder.writeError in Responder.respond ultimately calls GenericData.resolveUnion which in turn calls GenericData.getSchemaName before the line where the UnresolvedUnionException gets thrown.
I have a complex site that incorporates alot of javascript and it is getting absolutely KILLED by IE7. How would I go about serving this code: HTML JS In such a way that IE7 never gets the and therefore never hides ?
I used the same approach as Chris Wenham. Under load, performance suffers because new NotifyCollectionChangedEventArgs need to be allocated for each Enqueue/Dequeue. Regardless, in the Enqueue, send args with NotifyCollectionChangedAction.Add, the item added, and Count-1 as the index. In the Dequeue, send args with NotifyCollectionChangedAction.Remove, the item removed, and index 0.
The arrays are initialized to CODE_FRAGMENT by default, which means, that if you set less than 5 hobbies, you try to call it on CODE_FRAGMENT which throws CODE_FRAGMENT.
freezes every time only works when you restart your phone
Spehan: Did you manage to get it done on OSX?
Great! Absolutely wonderful! Thank you very much!
The memory for t isn't allocated, so why I don't get segfault when I run it?
What do you mean "outside MVC"? If you're that worried about it, type out the full class name!
Not unless your Java framework is horribly inefficient, or for apps in which the db server does 99% of the work.
Having How to convert a to a ?
I have but instead of bothering them I ' d like to do it myself . I really enjoy trying new things and so far figuring all of this out has been very fun ! 
I got to this question via the Almighty Google. To complement on what Andrew said above, for those of you on OSX you might want to take a peek at /Applications/MacVim.app/Contents/Resources/vim/runtime/indent/html.vim and the modifications necessary should become evident. I can't believe I spent so much time suffering from poorly indented <li>s!
The problems I was talking about are mostly fixed by [HADOOP-3575] and [HADOOP-3480].
Sorting the hashes is also a possibility that I have considered. I'm a bit concerned about memory usage, but I'll worry about that later.
This is pretty much Python-independent! It's a classic example of Unix interprocess communication. One good option is to use to open a pipe between the parent and child processes, and pass data/messages back and forth along the pipe. Take a look at the , which can set up the necessary pipes automatically while spawning child processes.
I meet the same problem on Eclipse recently but haven't figured out how to get through.
You should see your CODE_FRAGMENT folder there containing all the required dependencies ( including Apache POI ).
Probably your answer is better given as a comment.
First define an object to hold the entity coming back in the array.
It winds me up when `~(logical page N  physical page N)`.
we definitely have differing views on what is the "easier" method achieve this functionality, and dealing with threads is not easier for me
Hopefully this will provide some ideas as to how to adapt a timer based approach for your needs : If your needs are more sophisticated then a TThread based approach may be more appropriate . But whatever you do , do NOT resort to Application . ProcessMessages it will only cause you grief ! 
good app i love it but i have an issue sometimes when i open a messege i cant find the messege body its just a blank space 3 stars untill i get an answer
I'm not sure why this is marked down. AutoHotkey is an excellent solution when you need to do something that you just can't do using an existing API. It has many safeguards that can be used to ensure that the correct program is targeted. There are many possibilities. The answer that is marked as an answer, isn't an answer. It just an obvious statement which is the reason the question was asked in the first place. I would suggest anyone marking down this answer should first look into AutoHotkey and learn what it can do. It should be built into windows.
I am extracting some data from SQL Server. One of the columns is a ntext column that has a blob of XML there. As I extract it, it looks really ugly. Is there any way to format the XML inside a SQL Server 2005 stored proc?
I'm building a little framework with Node.js, and I would try to use data from an API but I don't know why it doesn't work (asynchronous but ??). Some advices could be very great ! By the way, I tried with xmlhttprequest too. Thanks for your help !
The inner loop returns to the caller regardless of the outcome. You should after the loop completes. Also, don't use . It's confusing (probably why you got it wrong (it should have been )) and you can just use the equality operator: , which is well-defined for (in case you were worried about the whole, "Don't compare using equality!" thing). But what you really should do is store the data in a map keyed on username and do a direct lookup:
You need to implement the interface so that will use your iterator . 
Alan, I assume some people already hate you just for asking. And they have a point.
At work we use teraterm and realterm for checking serial data is correctly formatted. Also we have a hardware splitter with a switch so we can monitor traffic to our application via a cable back to another port. Windows allows you access to the serial port via CreateFile. That gives you a handle and from there you can configure access.
? freezes and leaves with a black or white screen. awful. do not download
We need to test a website in both IE6 and IE7 . We ' ve had bugs appear running on actual windows machines that aren ' t visible under vmware ( ? ! ) , so we have an actual windows laptop to do this - but only one . Is it possible to install IE6 and IE7 side - by - side in such a way that they absolutely , positively , behave exactly they would if there was only one of them ? How ? 
How absolutely terrible you can't set controls not to show up on the print
When I apply on()-handlers I prefer the following notation if I have more than one to apply: Does anybody knows how to set a namespace within this notation? I solved the problem in this case with falling back to a single notation: But I really hate to repeat myself. Same issue/question for using the off()-method with more than one handler. This works: I bet the off()-thing is a easy one, but I don't get it after coding the last 15 hours.
Ohh, well this is sad! I found the error and it unfortunately just was a typographical error...
Hire a force of intimidating fellows to stand behind your users while holding baseball bats. That should prevent them from doing anything undesirable with your application.
Ok cool, this is just a matter of adding strings to the various [NotFound()|https://github.com/apache/mesos/blob/0.15.0-rc4/src/files/files.cpp#L160] returns in files.cpp There are a number of error cases in the [browse|https://github.com/apache/mesos/blob/0.15.0-rc4/src/files/files.cpp#L204] and [read|https://github.com/apache/mesos/blob/0.15.0-rc4/src/files/files.cpp#L204] endpoints, I'd imagine one could change the javascript to generate bad requests which should be sufficient to test this :)"
I'm using VIM with pythoncomplete. When I'm making a completion, the current window is splitted and calltips are shown in the upper pane. I hate that! Is there a way to prevent that behavior or at least limit the size of the upper pane automaticly?
I am looking for a very fast way to filter down a collection in C#. I am currently using generic List<object> collections, but am open to using other structures if they perform better. Currently, I am just creating a new List<object> and looping thru the original list. If the filtering criteria matches, I put a copy into the new list. Is there a better way to do this? Is there a way to filter in place so there is no temporary list required?
This was one area of C that the designers got terribly badly wrong ! 
I am new to Delphi ( been programming in it for about 6 months now ) . So far , it ' s been an extremely frustrating experience , most of it coming from how bad Delphi is at handling dates and times . Maybe I think it ' s bad because I don ' t know how to use TDate and TTime properly , I don ' t know . Here is what is happening on me right now : That ' s not the exact code I use , everything is in variables and used in another context , but I think you can see the problem . Why is that calculation wrong ? How am I suppose to work around this problem ? 
No you can't. That awful thing doesn't work in managed mode or mixed mode.
My experiences sound similar to yours. I've only just started using doctrine, and have never used Propel. However I am very disapointed in Doctrine. It's documentation is terrible. Poorly organised, and quite incomplete.
Awesome :) !!!!!
From the articles I read, I kind of get the following.
This question isn't about what 'semantic-web' usually means.
@grieve--from what I've read, unit tests should not hit the file system, db, or go accross the network. I'm trying to stick to those rules.
If someone is trying to do something malicious a simple regex just can't do it -- take (function(){this["loca"+"tion"]="http://example.com";})() In general if you can't trust your users (which is the case with any site on which arbitrary people can add content) blocking all js is necessary.
At the moment my divs load in one by one on page load. It's absolutely fine! Though when I make an ajax request and then to the same container my code then loops through all of the divs on the page rather than the newly added divs? My question is: how would I perform the same effect on only the newly added ajax success data? jQuery: HTML:
No, it's not off the table, but it's moot unless we decide we want cqlsh in-tree at all.
Anyone??? I'm starting to hate VS for that reason!
Have you tried logging into Linux as your installed Oracle user then When you log in you'll be able to change your password. Good luck :)
If I plan to use data caching do I have to worry about conflicts when also using deferred loading? It seems that with linq i am losing control of my data.
Say I have a Employees table (PK is employeeID) and a sales table, where the sales table has a FK column for employeeID. Now when designing my deleteEmployee stored procedure, should I first delete rows in the Sales table or should I create seperate stored procedures to delete in each table, and then worry about that in my business logic layer?
Update: I've tried the Sun VM 1.5, 1.6 and JRockit VM 1.5 to make sure this network behaviour wasn't VM-specific.
it belongs to faces 1.2 :)
Firefox: IE 9: How to fix it ?
For example: How would I go about summing the cost of items? (so I'd get 60)
Thank you! That's extremely helpful!
Make sure that the file has svn:keywords "Rev Id" and then put $Rev$ somewhere in there. See .
By creating datastore models that inherit from the Expando class I can make my model-entities/instances have dynamic properties. That is great! But what I want is the names of these dynamic properties to be determined at runtime. Is that possible? For example, Is this possible? If yes, how to do this? I have already tried some funny ways to do this but did not succeed :P Thanks in advance.
Your code sample strikes me as a very strange design and an abuse of what properties are intended for. Why not just an instance method : Your property also returns if the key does not exist, but claims to return an , nor a .
Whats the difference between these two, and which is the better approach.
Background: I'm currently debugging an application written over a custom-built GUI framework in C++. I've managed to pin down most bugs, but the bugs I'm having the most trouble with tend to have a common theme. All of them seem to be to do with the screen refreshing, redrawing or updating to match provided data. This is a pain to debug, because I can't break on every refresh, and most of this stuff is time-sensitive, so breakpoints occasionally "fix" the bug. Q: Does anyone have any tips for debugging Windows-based GUIs, especially regarding the refreshing of individual components?
To make sure uses the right encoding you can call on to set it to .
how can i use the bliss view engine instead of the usual jade engine in express js . i already found one article here at stackoverflow , but this seems to be for the old version of express . js . i am using the 3 . x version . in particular i would like to know how i can install bliss and following to this . how do i make a project in express . js , with a different view engine then jade ? currently i use this command in my project folder : thanks in advance ! 
Why on my "git push" command I get the following very scaring error message? I've appended the text as it appeared on my shell, the strange symbols are shown. Is my Git installation broken? My fist git clone was using https I'm using on Ubuntu 10.10 x86_64
When I do: It searches the entire system. How do I prevent that? (This question comes from an "" to another question.)
CODE_FRAGMENT return an instance of type CODE_FRAGMENT which also CODE_FRAGMENT, but overrides some of the methods, including CODE_FRAGMENT and CODE_FRAGMENT.
I am making an isometric game on the iPhone, and need a little help. What is the best way to go about calculating the path a object must take if it is thrown from one tile to another? I've been looking into using NSBezierPaths, but can't quite work out how to use them for the objects path? Any help would be greatly appreciated!
( For the record , I find the Infragistics WinForms controls to be considerably easier than their ASP . NET controls . I think a lot of their bad rep comes from the ASP . NET side of the world , where certain tasks become a major pain and their Viewstate usage is off the charts . ) 
Ok this is really annoying, can't find a solution that works !
Once you have a complete message, you need to process it.
Excellent answer. This should be the selected answer.
The problem is that it builds awt, and that requires some dependencies.
Glad to see I ' m not the only one who got that ! The free book is actually really exciting ; it will definitely motivate you to do peer code review . 
Got some help from . Here is my Java class: I used for the base64 encoding. Here's my C# class: I really hope this helps someone else!
Excellent! Cheers dude
If you are using GUIDs you could create a CreateHistory table with columns GUID , CreatedOn , CreatedBy . For populating the table you would still have to create a trigger for every table or handle it in the application logic . 
I couldnt extract using `cabextract`, used `unrar` instead. `unrar e filaname.part01.exe` worked
I agree. Excellent update. +1.
I have an application that is being built using Qt . It will be running on machines that will have two ( or more ) network cards . I need the ability for my application to select which ethernet interfaces for a TCP connection . Before anyone suggests it I cannot guarenteed that routing tables will be setup correctly . I know how to do this using the windows socket classes but have been unable to find anything about it for Qt . Any help would be greatly appreciated ! 
I want to use JSONArray FILE_NAME.
Good enough answer for me :) I get the same, lets hope they fix it soon because XBAP deployment I'm learning to love!
sp_detach_db and sp_attach_db. It need not be point and click.
Your variables are pointing at the same object. I'd be worried if they weren't equal!
If you are looking to find out which dll's your target machine is missing then use depends.exe which used to come with MSDev, but can also be found . Testing this on a few target machines should tell you which dll's you need to package with your application.
Let me know if there are any other details that might help!
In my Apache2 VirtualHost I have configured to specify directory name by . So now whenever URL is it's looking for in . Everything works very fine! But I'm having two kind of projects in this directories. is simply index.* in but is one level deeper - index.* placed in directory. I want to "rewrite DocumentRoot" to if this directory exists and I want to use it's . Is this possible with some ?
Could you add some details about the error you get? Nothing is jumping out at me as horribly wrong.
Very direct question, i need to know if its possible and maybe where to start reading about that. Im a programmer with zero experience in windows servers and a client is asking if we can deliver in their windows boxes(and no they wont let us use any kind of virtualization in them). Thanks guys, i know its not 100% programming related but... hope you can help =) EDIT: Wow, fast reply! Thanks guys!!!
Jeff Atwood says: February 12th, 2009 at 6:50 am No, weve switched to a dedicated task. We definitely outgrew this technique. I do think its fine for small sites though!
I found that I needed to adjust the Apache configuration to include a ServerName or ServerAlias for the host.
The format CODE_FRAGMENT can be used to convert any string of digits to the base CODE_FRAGMENT.
It is good to have the test.
Can someone tell me how I go about upgrading the Telerik ASP.NET controls? I am currently using the Q3 2008 release and I just recently bought the Q1 2009 SP1 release. How do I upgrade my projects? Do I need to uninstall the old one and install the new one or just install the new one? Also how do my projects get upgraded? Also, what about my projects that I have "live"? Do I just need to upload the new DLLs and and change my web.config? Any guidance would be great!
Because of abuse by spammers, many Tor egress nodes decline to emit port 25 (SMTP) traffic, so you may have problems.
@ CalebHuitt - cjhuitt : Excellent    that works ! Thank you very much . If you ' d some brownie points , please submit it as an answer and I ' ll mark it as the correct answer . 
Well, I hate using SO as just a syntax checker, but for the life of me I cannot figure out why I get thi error Here is the offending code: I'm using the SimpleForm gem, and am not too familiar with it yet (obviously!) tia, --rick
That worked excellent! How can I make my X-axis go longer to right so it makes the chart bigger?
Do you how to do this using an Embedded Image? I haven't been able to figure out how to reference an Embedded Image in an expression.
Evil! Evil incarnate!
Nobody? To do this with a Button is really disgusting.
Sorry guys, I've been pretty busy @ work but I have been watching this.
Zip is correct. It's a folder structure with quite a few xml documents inside. A plain text option might not be desirable (multiple files to manage...)
I had the same problem and ended up doing the same workaround. When I was done I didn't really hate it though, because it allowed me to free-up the UIPageViewController and all of it's child UIPageViewControllers and all of their resources when the user wasn't actively using the tab.
I think I've been using these terms interchangably / wrongly!
That would be great! @Heinz: contact established :-)
Then I see, that criteriaBuilder don't have method createCriteriaUpdate.
? what is the best the best thing to scan?
Hi I'm using the chrome inspector (F12) to try and analyze the z-index of a twitter bootstrap popover, and finding it extremely frustrating... Is there a way to freeze the popover (while shown) so that I can assess and modify the associated CSS? Placing a fixed 'hover' on the associated link does not cause the popover to appear.
Vaibhav : Only one of the assemblies will ever write to the file . 
I have a xml similar to this one : The thing is , Im able to get all the info tags , but I get the results from all dates . I dont know what the dates will be , since the are dynamic generated . What I know is that I may have a data tag with one or two date tags I wish I could show the first date  s info on a list box and the second date  s info on another listbox . How can I do that ? Desirable Output : If there  s a second date then print it too : Thx ! 
This has nothing to do with but everything to do with the absolutely awful markup of your HTML and the lack of . You're going to want to wrap all of this "free-text" inside of a or two, and then make sure you're putting the inside of the Sample CSS: HTML:
Indeed, this is awful. A pity there is no option to change it. Every other IDE/editor I used opened tabs to the right.
So my line extends from one side of my graph to the other, but it doesnt really animate through each data point, I assume I have to add a loop somewhere. Heres the relevant code. Any assistance would be hugely appreciated!!!
Unfortunately, no. That's my major pain when merging vcproj file changes.
Here's a secret. In the chrome dev tools, do a cpu profile run. After you have stopped capturing, at the bottom of the screen is a down triangle next to "Heavy (Bottom Up)". Click the triangle and select "Flame Chart". Once you are in Flame Chart mode, you can zoom and pan to see the digest cycles, how long they take, and exactly what functions are being called. The Flame Chart is so incredibly useful for tracking down page load issues, ng-repeat performance problems, digest cycle problems! I really don't know how I was able to debug and profile before the Flame Chart. Here is an example:
Excellent! Look forward to hearing from you.
if your memory consideration is only about these integers, then all I say is woooow =)
How do I pull a single column of data out of a filled dataset ? I have a filled dataset object , with a variety of tables . I need to get all of the data that is stored in a particular column in one of the tables , and bind a ComboBox ItemSource to it . ( This may require me to pull the data out and make it into a string collection ... ) If anyone has any bright ideas , it would be very grateful ! 
One workaround is to store the client address in the session. A response wrapper should validate the client address set in the session is same as the one accessing the session.
I had what I believe the same issue is.
I recommend that you change the way you store your day and use a date.
Check out the WordPress repository. There is a plugin called WP GCM Its a very great one and has some great extras!
I want to find out how long time there is till a specific from . I have searched everywhere , but can ' t really find anything . I THINK I have to use the - function together with the - function somehow . The scenario is : I have variable with the day of the week , ex : 1 / 2 / 3 / 4 / 5 / 6 / 7 And another variable with a time of the day : hh : mm And the last variable also with a time of the day : hh : mm " How long time " could be : " 2 days , 3 hours and 27 minutes from now " The same output should be generated from a specific datetime . Ex : 06 / 08 / 2012 23 : 55 is " 1 day and 13 minutes from now " I really hope you guys can help ! : ) 
I am using 'simpLESS' program to compile my .less files into .css files on the fly. It is really great! However, after using it only for couple of days, 'simpLESS' stopped copiling the .less into .css files. I have tried to reinstall, redownload and then reinstall, tried other directories, other .less files, tried recompiling manuall - but nothing works. Has anyone experienced this? Thanks!
May be some resources will need to be copied from archives, too.
This is a stupidity of windows find utility, +1 for feeling my pain.
gets the job done i was a handyshopper user and  although i miss being able to record aisles and prices for many stores for one item  i love that i can add something to the shopping list with my phone and my husband can see it immediately on his phone.  i also like that out of milk has a web site where i can build a list  so when i'm planning meals for the week  i can be building the list too using a regular keyboard.  i see the value of the pantry option.  i'll probably be using it to keep an inventory of our freeer and our spices.  i would like to see a way to add items to more than one list.  for example  i'd like chips to be on the costco list and the snack list so if i'm shopping at one store and see a great price  i'd know i needed chips.  overall  thisi app gets the job done and it's popularity makes me think the features i want may be added some day.
Great to hear! Good luck implementing. If you have any questions, feel free to ask :)
I'm building a little script that changes content and css live on the page based upon the values of various input fields. I'm able to change the content "live" absolutely fine as you'll see here: I'm not able to get this working with the css method using the same principles though: Thanks!
can do it ! And you can find other plugins on the . Note that you cannot use this plugin with github pages. This video is excellent !
great app but not perfect if i were reviewing comixology the service  i'd give it five stars. however  this is for the android app  and for that  i can only give it three.  i'd used the ipad app  with it's great "hd" support  which is lacking on some android tablets.  that's not a major issue  but the biggest drawback to the app is the lack of sd support.  a majority of tablets have the option for sd cards  expanding their storage space  and many apps can take advantage of it.  it's a shame comixology's app hasn't been able to do this yet.  i don't know if it's concerns over security  if someone could take the books on the card and copy them elsewhere  but seriously  it's easy enough to copy files from system memory if you look it up.  give users the option to save to sd cards and this review will jump to five stars.
network error! suddenly after downloading an update pack i cannot login and said that loading failed. check your connection network. but my connection is working finely. please fix this. thanks
Is it possible to create images with PHP (as opposed to simply linking to them via HTML) and if so, where should I go first to learn about such a thing?
did you get the answer you were looking for?
Note that the time zone ( for Rome ) is specified.
That's an excellent idea! I was able to convert the plugin, but it just crashes VS when I click on it in the menu.
What about : ie, without the simple quotes you were putting arround the table name. Or, as you are using double-quoted string, which means variables are interpolated : As a sidenote, in both cases, you must be really sure that doesn't contain any malicious data !
I have just about finished adding all of the content to each page of my website. I've noticed, however, when I navigate between links some of the pages shift to the right about 10 px or so. This is extremely irritating. All of my pages are contained within the same container using a fluid grid. However, not all pages have the same amount of content. I noticed that pages with empty divs don't shift when I navigate between them. However, if I navigate from a page with content to a page with little or no content, I see the shift. Should this be happening if all of my pages are using the same container, same fluid grid? Does this make sense? Can you sense my desperation?
What options are there to pull a GApps user creation date ? I saw that the Admin SDK is capable of it , is it the only API capable of doing this ? does any of the previous one also capable of ? If possible using GAS , it will be most excellent , Thank you ! 
that what i was afraid of ! cause my knowledge about ajax is zero :(
Is there an easy way to find parse errors in javascript code? Last week I was debugging a javascript problem where the first javascript function that was called gave an 'object expected' error. I later determined that this was because the browser wasn't able to parse my javascript code. I eventually solved the problem but it was a painful process that involved pouring over my code line by line, trying to find my mistake. There must be an easier way.
Can library under GPL be used in the commercial software? How about lgpl?
I assume you ' re using Ken Reitz ' s excellent requests library to do the HTTP requests ( if not , you really should be ! ) Most likely , the problem is that requests doesn ' t add a ' Content - type ' header to multi - part uploads , and packmgr doesn ' t read multi - part bodies with no ' Content - type ' header . So , while a normal ' requests ' POST of a multipart - encoded file would go something this : you instead have to use the longer form , setting an explicit content - type : Note that one side - effect of doing it this way is that it cannot stream the file - the entire package ZIP file will be read into memory . 
Is there a sensible way to group Long UTC dates by Day? I would Mod them by 86400 but that doesn't take leap seconds into account. Does anyone have any other ideas, I'm using java so I could parse them into Date Objects, but I'm a little worried of the performance overhead of using the date class. Also is there a more efficient way than comparing the year month and day parts of a Date object?
Fantastic! This makes using ipython with --profile sh the best possible method for me to do this :)
This is one thing that I really hate within development is forms. Below is my code and what I am trying to do is align the inputs with the labels . Is there a rule that you use to help remember when coding forms? CSS: HTML:
For SQL Server 2005, I ALWAYS had to install the full product first, then Express second. If I did it the other way around, the full SQL install would see Express installed already, and would not continue with the install. It was extremely annoying. Not sure if they fixed this with 2008.
NivoSlider , Flexslider , and others all require the images to be the same width and height . I need a slider that will allow me to have images with varying widths . has a good example , but it only works if you have the slider take up the full width of the screen . Any direction would be greatly greatly appreciated ! 
very awesome! You just saved me a boatload of time.
So the question is: Is there another library you can recommend that I missed?
Almost Everything explained above, hope this too helps ! SQL SERVER  Difference Between CURRENT_TIMESTAMP and GETDATE()  CURRENT_TIMESTAMP Equivalent in SQL Server. See this .
Whether this is a terrible UI Experience or not depends upon the type of data collected. I once created an online job application system and most of the questions were long and quite detailed. In our testing, we found people often wanted to enter this in a random order and were quite frustrated when they couldn't. However, for a simpler checkout or registration process, particularly where steps depend on earlier steps then validation as you go is definitely preferred.
I want the music's name that I choose.
Thanks! Both you and Jim were very helpful!
take a look FILE_NAME executors as these will help with your scheduling and remove the need for the sleep.
I don't know any opensource solutions, and the guys writing this stuff for money can't and won't tell you. Guess you're out of luck :]
Excellent ! It works !
Sorry to let you lose a wild goose chase.
I haven't noticed the sort of fear that you have. Do you have any specific examples?
edit profile "an error has occurred  please try again (8)" constantly. annoying the sh*t clean out of me! fix it please....love to uninstall but in mid chat!!??
Maybe you can post the relevant code snippet? Regards, tamberg
Take a look at this class: https://github.com/dberm22/DBoard/blob/master/src/com/dberm22/utils/MediaPlayer.java You can call it with (new Thread(new MediaPlayer(PATHTOFILE)).start();
I have done some research for "The bast way to insert huge data into DB with C#" then a lot of people just suggested me using SqlBulkCopy. After I tried it out and it really amazed me. Undoubtedly, SqlBulkCopy is very very fast. It seems that SqlBulkCopy is a perfect way to insert data (especially huge data). But why dont we use it at all times. Is there any drawback of using SqlBulkCopy?
I ended up with a regular expression:
So yes, you need to keep track of the position yourself.
I wouldn't class that a problem. If you structure things in a meaningful way, you should be able to look at the JS, see where all the event hooks are. If you're worried too much about it, you *could* set the rel attr to js, or prepent the ID with js_, etc.
excellent app! but add more! this is much better than samsung's equation detection but the only thing missing in this app is the lack of variety. just like in the note 10.1  please add more equations and have the ability to solve complex algebra. i'll be glad to pay for such a feature. makes work so much easier!
In VB.NET 4.0, most of you probably know you don't need to explicitly write getters and setters for your Property declarations as follows: VB automatically creates private member variables called _Foo and _Foo2. It seems as though Microsoft and the VS team have adopted the _ convention, so I don't see an issue with it.
As long as your configuration doesn't change, you can create the Session once at the beginning and jsut keep using it.
What's a 'LinkControl'? I'm aware of LinkButton and HyperLink.
Using this, i am able to generate an encrypted text but the PHP server is not able to decrypt my encrypted text.
I'm not good at programming and my trying to open one of my spreadsheet documents. Below in the basic login im using, I then request a list all my spreadsheet, which is returned in $feed. And now I'm worried I'm not on the right track with opening a document so I can read and write cells.
From netstat -anp | grep I at two different times, I can see HttpClient is not re-using my connections. I connect to the same host every time with different urls such as Why is HttpClient not just re-using the same connection to myhost.com every time? I have the following code for intialization of the Pool that I pass to HttpClient... I see they are using an HttpRoute and have localAddress in the equals which seems odd as HttpRoute should be equal on just hostname and schema(https/http) and that is it, right? Does that have something to do with it? Is this a bug? Performance is very crappy having to re-establish https sockets every time!!!!!
I downloaded and read Rails As She Is Spoke, what an excellent book, thanks for the recommendation!
For someone who uses the Ctrl-W bindings in vim habitually, it is incredibly annoying to have Chrome OS ask me, "Wanna close this window, then?" How do I remap keys in Chrome OS? Can't find this top secret setting anywhere.
Oh, man, I am sorry but I must say it: your code is really awful... It is not organised at all, but maybe... shouldn't be instead? EDIT: try to comment the second and third queries, since they seem useless, and make the "cur" -> "cursor" change I suggested:
What does ABC in WCF stand for?
It's scary that there is no way, but I must agree because it's fact.
Well I ' m kind of new with magento , and at work they ask me to do a group of products that they will be put in discount , so I created a category sales where I can link the products and put them in sale , so this is working perfectly , but the ask me to put dates in the products so the web master can put dates where the products will be shown between dates , so now I have no idea how to do this . I really hope you guys can help me thanks so much ! 
I had to iterate over the json object
So I have a facebook page and a username / llamafont so I obviously want to keep that url . I have had the button on sub pages ( you save phrases and can like / share them on FB ) since before I made the page on FB . When I have added the button to my homepage for my base url , it shows 62k likes - GREAT ! However on my facebook page i only have 107 - I guess these are the people who liked the page directly on FB ? How can I make the 62K likes show up on my page in facebook ? Do I need to add in all the meta og : stuff ? Right now I only have og : image in there . Have I screwed it up for good ? Or can I make FB recognize the likes somehow ? Thanks in advance ! 
There ' s for a sort that should work , but just wasn ' t included in the core . Referenced from , I think you just pass in a function that is used to sort , so Hope it helps ! 
I just wrote this function, so there are no versions to speak of... I'm afraid I'm not very faimiliar with mapping!
Basically , the doctype determines how crazy IE is going to be . If you don ' t set it to XHTML , or " strict " you ' ll be living in a world of hurt when it comes to IE ( even if you set it , you ' ll still be hating on IE , but it does make it a lot better ) . 
What is the right way to call ?
lack of important functions 1/ you can not select multiple images to send at once in this same application. 2/ you can not send photos to friends they didn't move to telegram yet. 3/ no option for copying a fragment of a message. 4/ no automatic sending of any media if the connection is established again (you have to do it manually). not to mention that these features are available in whatsapp. implement these and you will be a serious challenger and gain 5 stars.
annoying it let me choose the pictures i want  then it freezes or force me to close it...fix it
Why do so many people not understand the importance of permanent URLs?? Even Adobe, selling products to build web applications, regularly fails at this!
You use shift to get a colon on a standard American QWERTY too.
Excellent! Cheers dude
Well, not free. But we have had very good results with Nevron. Their support is excellent as well. Another good option is TeeCharts.
I'd be interested to hear how this works out. You are very brave :)
CODE_FRAGMENTs have default CODE_FRAGMENT methods that do as you expect.
+ 1 Saves a lot of time when unit testing Data Access layers . Just note that TS will often need MSDTC which might not be desirable ( depending on whether your app will need MSDTC ) 
I am currently a college student and I don't feel that any of my classes have touched on the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) nearly enough. I've been interning a company for a few years and I've been learning about SDLC from the internship, but I wanted to poll the crowd so I can branch out from that. What SLDC resources (books, websites, magazines, newsletters, etc.) do you use?
I have a Django application built in our shop and currently we are moving to production that will run a apache web server . The application will run on multiple webservers Due to load issues . Now , I ' m really worried since it ' s running multiple webservers . Issue - The application generates unique ids for session management and maintains it locally . Now , if a user goes to webservers - a and creates A unique id and then in the next request goes to webservers - b he will be invalidated because the unique id created for him will be local to webservers - a . How can I fix this issue ? 
I ' m just designing the schema for a database table which will hold details of email attachments - their size in bytes , filename and content - type ( i . e . " image / jpg " , " audio / mp3 " , etc ) . Does anybody know the maximum length that I can expect a content - type to be ? 
off-the-record (otr) every time your phone will be on stand by or im+ is running in the background you will get otr error . im+ will close the encryption if you you want to do anything else on the phone except chating. please try to fix this bug is really really annoying . you cannot get the messages if you for example leave the phone with the display off in your pocket . you cannot open a internet browser and leave your im+ running in background.  please chek this big bug!  thanks manolescu2014 @ gmail com if you have already any solution
This answer is not optimal because I have no clue which Konrad you are referring to.
The ``-Q`` option doesn't seem to exist on my machine.
This can probably be done using JavaScript.
@Bakuriu, thanks for your answer! :) That `class MainWindow(QMainWindow, Ui_MainWindow)` was surprising but excellent!
A module name is an , so it must normally start with a lowercase letter, unless you enclose it in single quotes. This is actually possible: But completely horrible, so don't do this.
You should use template engine . See ejs , or jade for example . If you are using Express nodejs framework , then it is very comfortable to use jade . There is also template engine called Bliss which is Razor Engine in ASP . NET 
What kinds of considerations are there for migrating an application from NHibernate 1.2 to 2.0? What are breaking changes vs. recommended changes? Are there mapping issues?
Excellent! Thanks.
@Pieter  He's worried about the performance of getElementById and you're suggesting jQuery?!
* Replaced TreeMap with an Array of final 'Segment' objects ** (now very slightly faster than trunk) * Rebased for trunk * Removed the patch renaming SSTableReaderTest to SegmentedFileTest I didn't remove the builder pattern, because the alternative seems pretty ugly (copying the segments array for every append)."
No worries, once you know, you know!
@RobG - I hate IE! jQuery is my final weapon.
unable to update! i really did love this game  its pretty addicting but i haven't been able to upload the update! please fix this!! im on level 32 and don't want to loose everything. i have a samsung galaxy 3 and every time i've tried to upload i get an error and can t get into the game anymore... sooo disappointing!
There's an RFC for how to read RFCs. Love it!
+1 for "don't believe into the myths that there are a lot of issues with MS Access"
I get the following when I build locally I get this error when building locally or on the team foundation server. Not exactly sure how to solve it, have the iis app pool and web site running as the tfs user so it doesn't have any problem viewing the website but the error is really irritating as its always telling me my build is broken.
IS there any way so that I can open using the code itself.
I have an asp:Menu control that has four different menu items in it. Each menu item has a graphic and a text description. My problem is the icon and text have no padding between them and it just looks ugly! Does anyone know how I can force a bit of padding between the image and text of the menu item? I've looked at all of the attributes on the asp:Menu control, but I haven't been able to find one for this, but I may have just missed it.
In Java , for example , the @ Override annotation not only provides compile - time checking of an override but makes for excellent self - documenting code . I ' m just looking for documentation ( although if it ' s an indicator to some checker pylint , that ' s a bonus ) . I can add a comment or docstring somewhere , but what is the idiomatic way to indicate an override in Python ? 
@LightnessRacesinOrbit: Perhaps. I'll leave that to the OP to worry about!
Java is a fine general programming language but databases are optimized for relational data processing: they just do it faster, with less CPU, less memory and less network traffic.
Thanks for the recommendation. I've just talked to them and I'm getting a demo. It looks good on paper, I really hope its can handle what I'm looking for.
I'm working on importing data from our application into Oracle Financials GL. It seems simple with the GL_INTERFACE table, and many resources online, but I don't seem to understand it. I'm looking for a simple way to post a transaction of $X on a specific date, between 2 or more accounts. I'm terrified of incorrectly posting anything in the GL.
It sucks to lose the code readability, but it seems alike a reasonable price to pay.
It is Dependency Injection (DI) - see Martin Fowlers' descrition here: http://martinfowler.com/articles/injection.html#InversionOfControl
Test code: How do I remove the whitespaces before storing it into the array?
Great thanks fung! It was especially the "Starting Our Debugging Session" section that helped.
You would need to create a counter integer variable that can keep track of the line index for you. Hope it helps!
Many thanks for your help.
Then you should be more specified in asking the question. You confused me..
Have created a module in DotNetNuke 7 . Have made changes on my local test version which has created several rows in the database . I then copied these rows into the live database but they dont appear in the live version of the module . Have tried clearing the cache through host settings and restarting the application and it still won ' t show new rows . Have even tried setting cache settings to non - specified and still won ' t load new rows . Is there a way I can completely reset and get it find the new rows . This is an extremely irritating feature . 
An alternative to recording would be to use the MS Speech API with C # , enter the words via keyboard , and have it state what was keyed in . Just a thought ... Good luck on your app -- it sounds a really cool program ! 
I want to programatically detect if my site is within the Facebook iFrame app so I can display certain features specifically for Facebook. Otherwise if someone goes site without Facebook. Preferably an FBML, C# or JS solution would be great :) Thx!
@RenniePet That was the thing I was missing. Should edit this answer.
I am experiencing exactly this problem (and am in exactly the same world of pain): Whereby I am offering an update to SQL using LinqToSQL and it is failing with a because is set to . Due to legacy databases also on the server I am targeting, I am not able to re-configure the default connection settings as is quite rightly stated in the accepted answer in . My question is: How do you convince LinqToSQL to run a SQL before executing an update?
Hi I have designed a query that returns a set of data such as: What I want to do in SQL Reporting Services is to display data in a grid fashion. Such as For the dataset I provide. I want it to auto page break when needed, etc. Is there anything built in that I can use? Any recommendations on how to do this is greatly appreicated! Thanks.
For those of us who don't care about ivy in fact lose something - a easy to build hbase.
In what context are you asking this question? Database type?
Is there a best practices in using bower with a web application such that the application isn't bloated with unnecessary third-party library files?
An excellent resource I've found for CI recently is by Martin Fowler, author of the famous "Enterprise Application Architecture" book. URL:
I would like to be able to do " Extend my Windows desktop onto this monitor " via code . A PowerShell script would be idea . I have googled around a far amount and WMI seems the way forward but as I have zero knowledge in WMI I thought I would try here . Hope someone can help ! Cheers , Zi 
I do hate the plain id name. I strongly prefer to always use the invoice_id or a variant thereof. I always know which table is the authoritative table for the id when I need to, but this confuses me What's worst of all is the mix you mention, totally confusing. I've had to work with a database where almost always it was foo_id except in one of the most used ids. That was total hell.
You have a data race because of the conflicting read/write access to . This implies that the behavior of your program is not defined. The race condition on is the least of your worries: the program could do anything!
It means, that if you add more than 5 hobbies, it will throw CODE_FRAGMENT.
en-dash & em-dash word count differs from MS-Office.
Wow! Yeah, I did'nt know that! Great new feature.
No I did not. The question is - which files..
Is it possible to configure nHibernate to connect to Paradox database (*.db files)?
it suck monkey ball it suck monkey ball it freezes alot don't buy it a wast of money
Excellent solution! This is the way to do it.
is in so u need not to worry!Internally the data is always stored as TEXT, so even if you create table with , SQLite is going to follow the rules of data type
I just came across this idiom in some open-source Python, and I choked on my drink. Rather than: or even: the code read: I can see this is the same result, but is this a typical idiom in Python? If so, is it some performance hack that runs fast? Or is it just a once-off that needs a code review?
You might want to consider using , a replacement for Windows' terrible command-line chrome. It offers fully redefinable keyboard shortcuts plus tabs, so it's ideal for IRB.
In a similar manner, you can populate the request scope ( ideally done in a filter ) using.
i kinda alike the black acctually.. but that may largely be due to my prefering the " " fire " " solr logo over the futuristic magnifying glass( the red/ orange contrasts nicely with the black/ grey. to my mind, the " " Solr " " " " Sun " " connection has allways been really cool... "
Then you can consume the service and get a strongly typed list via.
So, it is as simple as purchasing a domain name, and then adding that identifying information to the hosts file? If so, that is excellent!!
wont work even with the newest bug fix update  i can only play the demo and one song  because once it gets to the sign in screen  i sign in and it loads forever (not because of interneg issues  i have 4g lte). please fix for i want to play but simply can't on my galaxy s4. edit: even after some bug fix updates it still occurs.
When you say it didn't detect it do you really mean you were collecting everything and the packet you wanted wasn't there? I find that hard to believe. It doesn't need any configuration, it just works. Getting a sensible filter so it gets what you want and not loads of other crap is harder!
best recharge app ever i nly use dis to recharge my phn. no need to waste energy goin to retailer shop. just add money type ur number n pres rechrg . dat simple. kip up da gud work. n lastly no extra chrage. n its available free.
Im working with VB 2010 In the form designer, trying to position some controls within a tab control. Sometimes when I drag a control to position it, it gets placed on a different tab than the one I currently have selected and am working with. This is extremely annoying and seems to happen randomly. Does anyone else ever have this issue?
Wow! I always thought double quotes were required!
I don't care what we do as long as we don't change the attributes in JSP significantly.
About having FILE_NAME dependencies in a separate folder, as you suggested, that's also possible.
While auto layout is a really great thing ! and apple really helped a lot of developers with it , but in my case the solution was to handle it manually by creating two storyboards : ) but i would like to recommend auto layout to all developers : ) 
ouch. I have a large table, and the row by row insert is very painful
My application links against libsamplerate . a . I am doing this to make distributing the final binary easier . I am worried that perhaps the code inside the . a file depends on some other libraries I also will need to distribute . But if it doesn ' t I am worried I am bloating up my application too much by including multiple copies of eg . libc . What exactly will be inside libsamplerate . a ? Just libsamperate ' s bytecode ? Or more ? 
Still no go , I am afraid : / This does not remove ' www ' from the url . 
I have a few months of experience with Ruby on Rails and really loved it from the beginning on . Now , for work , I was asked to code in Grails and although I first had some objections , I now think it ' s a very decent framework . One thing that really impressed me in Grails are Taglibs because they make frontend modularity so much easier . I would really to do something with Rails . Is there anything Taglibs for Rails ? If not , what are the best practices for accomplishing this kind of view modularity ( and , in essence , making my life easier ) ? 
I just started using cdb and I love it! I've found and a few interesting articles I've found on using cdb, but I'd love to see other peoples resources. What sites do you use to extract the max usefulness from cdb (windbg)
Tried this. Failed miserably. See http://stackoverflow.com/questions/528224/how-to-use-linux-fonts-in-windows-qt
Given: I expect: But get: Why?
There's no need to spawn new processes, simply re-use them between requests.
Very good one, thanks!!
cat'ing a script to paster shell scares me. The interactive Python shell has different rules for, e.g. terminating multi-line statements.
Oops! Yeah, that was just radio functionality heh. It turns out this isn't as straightforward as I thought. Give me a few minutes and I think I can fix it.
If you are really worried about performance, FirstOrDefault is O(n). Your second query is only going to execute if the first is null. You could try using .Any(predicate). First() lends itself to try { } catch which might be better for your situation. You don't really need to worry about performance optimization until it becomes an issue, though.
I don't have to ensure that the classloader knows groovy classes, *you* must do that.
In my company, we are currently using Qt and are very happy with it. I personnally never had to move a MFC-app into using the Qt framework, but here is something which might be of some interest for you : It's part of Qt-Solutions, so this means you'll have to buy a Qt license along with a Qt-Solutions license. (edit: ) I hope this helps !
bug when i leave the rest room i am always sent back to main menu please fix it and ill give it a better rate
Is there a way to aid gmail in making threads? We are currently using same Subjects to do this, but that really uglyfies the subject a lot.
@Marc-Andr Lafortune Your answer there was incredibly helpful! Thank you!
Obligatory I Am Not A Lawyer. Are you violating the legal clauses of the GPL? Probably not. ATI and nVidia do this sort of thing with their graphics drivers for Linux. However, it's important to note that Linux is GPLv2; this may have changed with GPLv3. Are you violating the spirit of the GPL? Yes, and judging from the way your question was written, you already knew this.
The line that uses the CODE_FRAGMENT method should look something like this.
The method in .NET returns a by-ref version of a type, e.g. passing the type of returns a type representing . However, if you already have a , what is the mechanism for obtaining a plain old ? There doesn't seem to be an opposite method to remove the by-ref modifier. At the moment I've put a hack in place which re-builds the assembly-qualified name without an at the end of the type name and then loads that type, but this is horribly dirty...
Any Updates to this annoying topic?!
I really liked your approach to it ! I found that changing the code to the following made my progressbar update correctly . I had some issues while using math . round ( ) . 
That's right, I have no plans to replace the existing system, sidecar is an excellent analogy.
P.S. Tha last question for this is 4 years old so there is eventually a new solution for modern systems with java8 in combination with a native.
Is there anyway to do this in configuration?
amazing! a must have app
The fact that this is even remotely possible in JavaScript scares me.
I'm selecting data from a table where one of 3 columns matches a given search string: But I need to order the results depending on where the match was found, based on a column weighting. I.e. if the match was found in the MODEL column then the row should appear higher in the results than if the match was found in the MANUFACTURER column. With the weighting being 1-MODEL 2-MANUFACTURER 3-DESCRIPTION. All help hugely appreciated, thanks!
I can animate the addition of a UIView to my app, it looks very pretty so thank you apple. However, how do I animate the removal of this view from the super view? I'm using: to animate the "in" transition ... how do you animate the "out" transition????
expected about 600 users . I am worried that running 1200 + queries ( should be much more than that ) will eventually result in a timeout ... now i am worrying whether I am creating a discussion rather than a QnA 
i would reccomend you rewrite the bad code . Even if its really painful . 
MySQL is extremely cheap when you have the distro (or staff to build) that carries MySQL Enterprise edition. This is a High Availability version which offers multi-master replication over many servers. Pros are low (license-) costs after initial purchase of hardware (Gigs of RAM needed!) and time to set up. The drawbacks are suboptimal performance with many joins, no full-text indexing, stored procesures (I think) and one need to replicate grants to every master node. Yet it's easier to run than the replication/proxy balancing setup that's available for PostgreSQL.
Ah, this was actually dumb...I solved it. I had two checked out directories that were both very much the same. I was in Eclipse and I didn't realize that I had been editing the wrong file all along. STUPID! STUPID! STUPID! Oh well it's not a total loss, now you all get to see how to fix ff3.
Too many `"`. You need: ``
Terrific answer! This should be the accepted one.
( Come on, put at least a CODE_FRAGMENT there - Logging is the best practice here, as suggested by @BaileyS. )
? love. it. works superb i record all calls and just delete ones of no interest or with no verbal data. ps.. got a terrible memory
I am have used the remove data method to remove validation from the page. This works but throws an error in the console window and crashes with IE8 (I'm being forced to develop to this browser...sad I know!). Does anyone know how I can stop this error? Here is my code to remove the validator: Here is the error message from the console:
Here is the good example of getting twitter - UI for ipad app . , its really awesome ! ! ! ! ! It provides : cascade views orientation support bouncing effect 
That was a terrible article, it started out right, Fisher-Yates/Knuth shuffle, then goes horribly wrong by trying to randomly order using guid as a source of randomness. Don't waste your time and just read the Wikipedia article on Fisher-Yates or use a library that implements shuffle correctly.
Have a look at these articles Or start with this extremely excellent book to get a very solid foundation with data warehousing concepts
You would need to implement session resume; thats a whole new can of worms.
check API_NAME it's the fastest way to copy part of an array FILE_NAME.
I found this code (full version here ) It's work for me but now i don't know how to stop it (for making test it's horrible, my new php file not interpreted!)
I'm using . Why does not work?
This will recalculate the number of words whenever you stop typing for a while ( specifically , ms ) . Enjoy ! 
awesome! it works
FYI: I happen to be on Tomcat 5.5.17
? does not let me patch mods or mod scripts
FILE_NAME under test uses FILE_NAME that has a simple autowired configuration bean.
Well, you could play around a bit... What about a function that rewrites itself? Warning: This is extremely ugly and should not be used in production code!
I just noticed your public tweet...bq. ""@wilhelmbierbaum True. Fuck the Avro C API.""
How much data is it? 1 megabyte? 1 gigabyte?
I'm trying to compile a tool which uses apache ant on linux.
Just to clarify... you made the DTPE handle exceptions the same way as CassandraDaemon by updating it to use NBHS instead of CSLS... Did you just tell me to go fuck myself?
@eat Wow! Excellent point! I don't know why I didn't see that before. That solves the issue with np.reshape and now I can use that. No need for another thread. Thanks again!
I think you also have to look at the database configuration.
I.e. if there are 4 students in the initial array, but only 2 are failing, my array is returning: student1, student2, null, null.
I do not want to stop the user from clicking the same ajax button many times , but I want to exercise some control to prevent someone from maliciously clicking the button repeatedly which would cause repeated database requests . What is simple way to handle this on a jquery . post in asp . net mvc ? If I put in a time delay , the experience client side will be ruined ( ? ) 
if the 2 structures variable are initialied with calloc or they are set with 0 by memset so you can compare your 2 structures with memcmp and there is no worry about structure garbage and this will allow you to earn time 
fix campaign bug please :-( i have 30 stars and can not continue because if i win campan and does not open another... please fix nexus 7 2nd  android 4.4.2
@Jonathan: I don't think it's the ONLY sane way to do it :p. Great answer though!
As of JUnit there shouldnt be a dependency for your build, right?
^ ^ By the way - best of luck ! I ' m not there yet . Will be ready to launch soon though ... 
Seems that it has moved to github: https://github.com/mono/taglib-sharp
Unable to reproduce issue.
https://github.com/masterexploder/PHPThumb/wiki/Basic-Usage an excellent tool for showing and/or saving images!
Hi Bruno, I like it, seems to work well at 1st glance Thanks! Thanks, Adrian!
To Kev's excellent Answer - "Working Effectively with Legacy Code" by Michael Feathers should be required reading for people working in Software Engineering.
WOW, EXCELLENT, AMAZING. Thanks, Roddy, the link helped me sort this out. My software had "Setup Software" as part of its description as it is used to set up a piece of hardware we manufacture. I've changed that (in Project/Options/Version Info) to User Software and now it compiles and runs ok !
I wouldn't worry about that in pure Flash. I don't believe that is the mental model the Flash Engineers used (Flex, absolutely, worry).
Oh fuck :-) Sorry. Not my day, more beer needed!
A copy of an infinitely long string terrifies me!
Tools to automate alteration of markup code for any objective are a horribly frightful proposition . Simply write your code correctly the first time . If you have archaic code then it likely has many other problems in addition to SEO , and automatically imposing global changes can expose problems you may not be prepared to address . 
XmlSimple is a part of Rails, but it's not dependent on Rails. You can install it into Ruby without installing all of Rails by using `gem install xml-simple`.
Shortcut keys often don't work the same way across all browsers. And they are awful on Opera. And most users won't use them. The only thing I'd bother with on most sites is buttons for next and prev, and I'd also make the alt tag say "next" or "previous" to assist browsers with fast forward.
favorite calendar  but freezes constantly i love the interface and the full month widget.  app worked perfectly on my ancient droid 2  but since upgrading to the galaxy s4 i find that the app freezes at least 75 percent of the time when i'm adding tasks.  will have to find another calendar  i guess.
You will have to remove ( ) and add ( ) the Object whose ``score ''changed for it to move to its new position in the queue.
We'll eventually use Code Contracts when .NET 4.0 ships. However, in our production code right now we have had great success with a "Guard" class along with common way to generate exceptions. For more details, see .
@KDJ It means the elements siblings whose ID's end in _dd, and no worries!
I'm pretty new to VBS but I need to extract property information from web pages and input the information into excel. What I'm trying to do is get is object information from links, text fields, buttons, images etc. The information I need is the .name, .id, .title, .value, .type, .class for each item on the page and display it together for each item ie: from the google search page the search box is .id: lst-ib, .name: q .title: Search .type: text Then the Google Button is .name: btnK .type: submit .value: Google Search etc etc. Any help would be extremely helpful!
The API_NAME ( String regex,.
Awesome! I'm actually familiar with SDL. I'm going to look into this.
I ' m trying to write a batch process that can take an MP3 file and mute certain parts of it , ideally in Python or Java . Take this example : Given a 2 minute MP3 , I want to mute the time between 1 : 20 and 1 : 30 . When saved back to a file , the rest of the MP3 will play normally -- only that portion will be silent . Any advice for setting this up in a way that ' s easy to automate / run on the command line would be fantastic ! 
You need to the file name as you build your URL . This will escape the ' # ' character , allowing the browser to interpret it appropriately . Proper encoding is very important for preventing attacks against your application , which can be devastating . 
You might be able to use an anti-CSRF token to achieve what you're after. This article explains it in more detail:
When opening a file from your hard drive into your browser , where is the document root ? To illustrate , given the following HTML code , if the page is opened from the local machine ( file : / / / ) then where should the css file be for the browser to find it ? 
Damn, it seemed it didn't work.
This is a slightly tricky question . I am using NSDateFormatter on the iPhone but I wanted to only show a standard date without the years component . But retain the users locale formatting for their date . I could easily override the formatting using But now the date is in my in en - nz format eg 12 : 01PM Wednesday July 7 . So I have totally killed the locale for any other users around the world . I would like to say . Give me the correct localized date for this users region but omit the years component . Since the date is being displayed as string , I am tempted to just fromat the date and then remove the year component by just cutting this out of the string . 
jQuery abuse! Use CSS: HTML: FiddleThis should be much faster then jQuery (as with everything CSS).
Got some code here that isn't working: Basically I have 3 lists and want to add a class (last) to each item appearing last in each unordered list. Hope that makes sense, Cheers!
Is there better way than to do it manually?
@delnan I was worried about !! and -, not function application.
I just noticed also that you're calling **sortable** on the reportTableBody class, but that class does not exist in the fiddle code.
Excellent pair of web casts (30 minute videos) where Patrick Smacchia and Filip Ekberg talk through some of the features of nDepend and how to use them:
anoying bug i use both the powertoggles notification bar widget and home screen widget.  really good concept as a whole. but... the home screen widget always freezes a couple hours after i configured it.  the widgetbis used to launch my favorite apps  not for toggling anything if you want to resolve it  i can try to give you more info. ofc rating goes up if this is resolved!! :-) ** bug doesn't occur anymore! :d
lack some features please provide option for marking notifications as read or unread also option for commenting on post using picture
Sorry, in rushing to commit I forgot to add author during the commit.
@david-b why do you said not to let the db concat the strings?
Anyone have a graphical tool for developing mod_rewrite rules. Ideally it would display a pipeline of rewrites and then when given an instance of a uri would show the transforms as the get applied. It's always a pain to get them setup just right so any way of making it easier would help.
i wonder if there is something similar to Sql Profiler for Sql Server Compact Edition ? i use SqlCE as backend for a desktop application and it would be really great to have something sql profiler for this embedded database . or at least something simliar to the NHibernate show _ sql feature ... any ideas ? thanks j . 
? fun and trouble free
If you want content, use the CODE_FRAGMENT element ( which isn't a void element ).
No worries, main thing is your problem gets solved!
i have a botton which is for changing the background image with jquery, as the following code shows it works very fine! but i want to fade in the newbg-image... is it possible to add a jquery fade method to it. Any help would be very appreciated. Thanks Ted
I have a small application that I am building a Chat application into , so far I have the functionality to post messages ! I don ' t need a login as there will only be a small number of users and I will use their windows username for identification . Has anyone done anything similiar ? What else do I need to add ? It doesn ' t need to be all singing and dancing as it is just for use within a small development team . Any ideas would be great ! Thanks 
Use rather than the raw VixCOM API if you're going to do this in C#.
I am aware of question, but not to sure how to map it to my current situation. (Rebase is scary, undoing rebase is double scary!) I started out with several different feature branches of my master: I wanted to merge them all together and check they worked before merging back onto the top of master, so I did a: Then Which leaves me with Then I corrected some bits that didn't compile properly, and got the whole feature set to an acceptable state: My problem is that my colleagues tell me that we're not ready for FeatureA. Is there any way for me to keep all my work, but also revert to a situation where I can just rebase FeatureC on to Feature B?
Well, again thanks for your help, it works very great! Have a nice day =)
No worries! Joe
The link works for me. That is a pretty awesome testing class! Thanks Andrew. I think I am going to convert and use that in my Silverlight project. Thanks for the tip about Caliburn, Josh G. I'll have a look at that too! :)
Excellent , thanks ! That looks an elegant solution . 
I am about to reenter the MFC world after years away for a new job. What resources to people recommend for refreshing the memory? I have been doing mainly C# recently. Also any MFC centric websites or blogs that people recommend?
Is there a way to zoom extents of a collection of shapes without computing min/max xy's and wh's - very painful when sloping lines are involved. Perhaps some kind of pixel detection?
There are major oversights in the CSS spec related to basic page layout. Sad. It is about as well thought out as HTML.
Here , I see ` BAADF00D ` ( bad food ) , ` BEEFCACE ` ( beef cake ) , ` BAADCAB1E ` ( bad cable ) , ` BADCAFE ` ( bad cafe ) , and ` DEADDEAD ` ( dead dead ) . Is this intentional ? 
Somewhat new to OOP (i.e. C programmer converting to C++) and cannot figure out why my data members in my backpack class are empty. I make pass an array of potions to my backpack, yet the data members are saying mType = "" (i.e. nothing). I have never felt this lost in a program before. Starting to hate OOP (i.e. kidding...but this extremely frustrating). main.cpp potion.cpp backpack.cpp
I am using Internet Explorer 11. Something annoying keeps happening when I add code to my site through the CMS form that I use. Take this line: Let's say I want to copy just this in IE, through the form on the page: When I go to copy just that section, it actually copies this: It is VERY annoying! It doesn't happen on Chrome or Firefox. For reasons with the CMS I have to use Internet Explorer. Is there a setting I can change so that doesn't happen? On Windows 7 if that helps. Sorry if this doesn't 100% fit with programming, someone let me know if there is a better place for this question.
I solved this. That filter in web.xml must be first filter in file.
worth the bandwidth to download :-) unique and limitless
worked good at first... when i first got it  it worked well  now it freezes up and only displays blank white screen.
Since ChangeSets are becoming too many to handle because of many checkins, I'm thinking of selecting multiple changesets then create a single work item link for code review purposes. It's really painful to create work item per changeset and assign to a code-reviewer. Is this possible?
What am I missing???
HXT, a library which is used for parsing XML, is a very good example for the usage of arrows (have a look how often the word occurs in the module names of this package!). You shall have a look on the great tutorial: http://adit.io/posts/2012-04-14-working_with_HTML_in_haskell.htmlBut it is also good to have the arrow concept for functions. For example the following code just works, because is an instance of the arrow class (The operator is defined in Control.Arrow).Thanks to the arrow syntax you have also a great tool to write complex computations in Haskell (it works as well for functions, monads and XML filters in HXT).
This is heinous. I would not allow such a thing to survive a code review.
Additionally you may customize the parsing behavior by providing appropriate dependency properties.
It is really painfull to get all code form TFS whenever you make a build using NANT . Is there any settings in ccnet . config which will only take the files which are changed form last time which can speed up the process . 
@Rob, the only thing `onclick` should be intended to do is be taken out back and shot. Metadata used to indicate that an element is enhanced in a behavior layer may "smell" depending on implementation (I would personally use `class`, which doesn't repurpose anything), but it doesn't smell anywhere near as awful as a behavior layer that pollutes the global scope, not to mention the data layer.
@Dutchie432: you described exactly what I was looking for... I'm also using the Pulsate effect. I had a `.stop()` in place but it didn't work. Now it works as expected. What a comment can do? It's also an answer... :D The search outsourcing was hilarious :o)
Megan, Glad to be of service :)
I have various files that I want to be ignored by SVN when committing. I know that I can go into TortoiseSVN and ignore them in various ways. I know that I can run svn propedit svn:ignore from the command line to do the same thing. The problem is that I have to have everyone on my team to do that, which is a pain. Is there a way that I can put some file in a folder or set something in my SVN repository that tells it to never check a certain file in?
Excellent ! Did you know that you can answer your own question and accept it as * * the * * answer . This is considered a good practice , because it helps people looking for answers see that there is an answer and it helps them find the answer . If the answer is only in comments , the question will appear unanswered . 
best. easy to use and werry helpfull
I think your underscores got eaten by markdown. You meant: 4.6.4.6.__class__.__name__
try it out very helpful, loved it n its easy to use
dont mark this guy down. technically he is correct http://martinfowler.com/bliki/InversionOfControl.html IoC is a very general principal. Flow of control is "inverted" by dependency injection because you have effectively delegated dependancies to some external system (e.g. IoC container)
There is reference information available on the MSDN website. If you want more of an introduction or tutorial, then Charles Petzold's book is excellent.
okay but lack some features some features i would love to see is the ability to log in and being able to see the ratings and comments on memes kinda like the ios version
Thanks for taking care of this, Alejandro.
@Larsenal If you want to branch outside of .NET there has been a lot of discussion about Intel's which is a parallel library for C++.
I have a VB.NET MDI WinForms app. My users have been complaining about form creep (as they call it), this is where each time you open a specific form within the main MDI window it opens slightly below and to the right of the location it loaded previously - i.e. it starts in the top left of the window and works its way down to the bottom right. I have to agree with them that this is extremely irritating, is there any way to prevent this? The code to load the forms is: I can address this somewhat by setting the forms start-up positions to 'Manual' but then they just open directly on top of each other in the top left of the screen. Any other SO users come across this?
I was afraid of that. Poorly formatted code really bothers me. I guess I'll learn to live with it.
Great question, I have been trying to figure out why my child class function doesn;t get called since an hour now!
Looking for links to resources that will help me write a user guide for a software application . I ' m after something that will help me to structure my guide , give it an appropriate writing style , and ensure that it has an excellent look and feel throughout . 
bug needs to be fixed when u call a 10 digit number with 0 prefix it does not record the call. phone is lava iris 405+.
Is there any reason you can't give the list a specified width?
The ebook summarises Thread.Suspend and Thread.Resume thusly: The deprecated Suspend and Resume methods have two modes  dangerous and useless! The book recommends using a synchronization construct such as an or to perform thread suspending and resuming.
Single page export is limitation of this library used to export PDFs and currently page size is simply increased to accommodate more data.
How to print multiply flowdocumets in a batch? Following code should print different documents but print the same. This sample works pretty fine only if you print to the xps printer.
You can analyse changes using the TFS API down to the level of what files have changed , but to determine what content in a file has changed you need to use external tool / library . There is a comparison / merge tool that ships with Visual Studio Team Explorer but this is still an external tool that processes the changes at runtime . Just FYI . Edit : I think I may be completely wrong ! 
I found an excellent tutorial on how to create site columns and content types - here : ( THANKS AGAIN ROB ! ) Does anyone know of a written or video tutorial that will explain how to create a list and list instance in MOSS 2007 . I use WSP Builder , and the build in templates from Microsoft aren ' t compatible ( or up to the task ) . Preferably a method that focuses on the CAML ( xml ) , and explains in detail the theory , and demonstrates how it is done . Thank you . 
If i double click each music ( sample1, sample2 ), the music that I choose is playing.
The application is basically an object manager, where user add new object, remove old objects and connect object with each other.
Congratulations on the new job ! Relax and keep your cool . Read something on . I guess , the process itself will make sure you are productive as long as you apply common sense : ) 
I've used the ExprTk library in the past, it's easy to use and fast in evaluation. http://www.partow.net/programming/exprtk/index.html
HTML is quite uncomfortable to work with.
WOW! Truly awesome, SQLite to the power! :)
I can assure you it works from within a web app and also within an application using the Spring framework.
Does anyone know how to resolve this problem?
I'm trying to apply route filter to a specific url. So, my file is under public directory: My filter: Finally my pattern: If I try to access the rule does not work. I can see whole contents of file. If I try to acess the filter works great. Because there is no file which named under the directory. Any help would be really great!
Whoops, just realized something...there's no way for me to specify a max length when using String.String(sbyte*) which basically means death to using the constructor for the purpose of reading out of a ring-buffer since it could keep reading past the max length into the next segment!
I know its possible to accept a list of objects as a parameter but what about a list of Guids from checkboxes? This is a bit different as the only name you get has to be the ID. Any help would be greatly appreciated, thanks!
I have already created a custom access decision voter and using it in a custom access decision manager.
@mauguerra: It doesn't directly answer your question, but yesterday's article on Raymond Chen's blog, [What's the difference between Text Document, Text Document - MS-DOS Format, and Unicode Text Document?](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/oldnewthing/archive/2012/02/20/10269537.aspx) provides some useful background information and links to more resources for learning about this. Other required reading: Joel Spolsky's [The Absolute Minimum Every Software Developer Absolutely, Positively Must Know About Unicode and Character Sets (No Excuses!)](http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/Unicode.html).
Consider this HTML: On all browsers but Firefox/Mac, it renders correctly, i.e bold and non-bold text are on the same baseline. On Firefox/Mac, there is a 1px baseline difference between the bold and non-bold texts. See below for screenshot. Left is Safari 3.2.3, right is Firefox 3.0.10. Is there any way to fix this e.g with some CSS, other than to go quietly cry in the corner and use Arial (which I'd not want to do  I'd stay with Helvetica Neue if I could).
Download the Standalone Flash Debugger and open your swf with that.
I am new to writing Apex Triggers and need help with creating a trigger which would update Lead Ownership to the Current User based on custom Id field. The Custom Id field is related to the Current User Record. Any suggestions would be hugely appreciated!
Wow that's a very interesting question! I'm not exactly a pro at 16-bit C++ so I wonder why do you swap stacks at all?
My solution for at indexes and of any string would be: If this evaluates to True it means that the character at index x is enclosed by a set of parentheses. You can test for the index y respectively Hope that helped, Cheers! Alex
Excellent! Thanks very much. Don't understand why I did not try to find it myself. Thanks again.
Note that the given answers "only" handles making multiple variables of the same type. If, for some bizarre reason, you would need to do multiple types, this is valid (though awful):
Try adding it in the section of the .
I have a product selection page where you choose a phone and a plan using radio buttons and I need jQuery to display the "current selection". For example I have 2 phones with two plans: Nokia N95 and Nokia N96, $35/month and $50/month Each of these 'options' has it's own radio button. When N95 and the $50/month plan are selected I need to display this information in a div: Your Current Order Phone: Nokia N95 Plan: $50/month Any help would be greatly appreciated! :)
You don't have to use Frontpage extensions anymore, you can use . Rejoice! Edit: Also see this blog post about doing .
Especially I don't know very much about the test framework differences.
Still printed but had that dreaded extra page ! - _ - 
It appears that Microsoft is aware of this issue and they have ... I don't know if this was addressed in IE8 B2... you might try it and see. Good luck!
Another way of gettinga command object is to call . That way you shouldn't have to set the Commection property on the command object.
Sorry [~svenkat], I just committed this.
Try to download *.
What do you mean by "implement it"? How to avoid violating the rule?
I have an Android app that looks absolutely horrible if the user sets their font size to large or extra large (via Settings -> Display -> Font size in Ice Cream Sandwich). It just plain wasn't designed for variable font sizes, and it makes a lot of the text unreadable. I've seen applications that preserve the font size for most views, so I know that there has to be a way to do this. Is there a simple way for me to tell the application to ignore the user's font size preference? And if there isn't, how would you suggest that I go about calculating the font sizes? If nothing else, is there a way for me to retrieve the user's font size preference?
can you help? i have a DB, the unique identifiers are GUIDS - we need to implement URL rewriting however the page names look terrible for example: testpage-2668FF87-0A3A-4cac-B9AB-2367D17A76C3.aspx title of page / unique identifier my DB's that i setup i use Ints as unique identifiers so i never had this problem: testpage-1.aspx title of page / unique identifier (int) what do you suggest ?
CODE_FRAGMENT -- How long the appointment should be.
I want to catch all URL's in the root folder of the url www.example.com The url cannot end in a trailing slash, and can't contain any slashes at all. so these should pass: www.example.com/abc www.example.com/abc123-asdf www.example.com/abc123/ ** fail! www.example.com/asdfsd/asdf ** FAIL!
suggestions  comprehensive an incredibly solid start. there are some quirks and bugs (that aren't suuuper major) and an overall lack of features  but the base here is startlingly fresh and good. the lack of gesture support and more icon customization  as well as a way to hide the settings page (tucking it away in a gesture  overflow menu somewhere  or separate app shortcut) make it difficult to leave nova launcher. here are my suggestions  and what it would take to make me switch:  - customize app icons on long-press  individually. applying a theme is great  but they rarely cover 100% of all apps  and the inconsistency drives me mad.  - gesture support. i love being able to swipe down anywhere and pulling down my notification shade  or swiping up for my app drawer  etc.  - customization of panels. i'd like to be able to decide if i want a full apps list  or the launcher settings  and be able to decide where they are located.  i have already purchased the pro key  so i'm excited to see if these features get implemented. i currently run a custom setup i made for myself in nova launcher mimicking the google now aesthetic  but having it in launcher form would be 10x better. good luck!
Wow! Actually, that's nearly what @MarkSeemann wrote, but in code :) Hope that helps.
Hi Barney, I think @EdMorton 's answer is pretty pretty more powerful than my comment!
You have at wrong place , that must be in element , so You should try : Referred from Here Hope it will help you ! 
I am using the ShowWindow method from User32 to hide a window ( cmd . exe ) from the user ( mainly to prevent them from closing it ) . When the user opens the form , the process is started , and hid , then when the form is closing the process is killed . However , when the form is opened again , it doesn ' t hide the window ( and sometimes doesn ' t the first time ) Can someone help me with this ? 
I understand that server-side validation is an absolute must to prevent malicious users (or simply users who choose to disable javascript) from bypassing client-side validation
Terrible! Why do you post all that code? Three asynctasks. Do we have to dig through all that? You should only post the relevant code.
Why the hell do they deliver Duration, if they cannot instantiate it :-/
Wrote it down for you, hope it works as you expected!
I came across this and really liked their gallery , not sure if the script is in - house or came from some free / commercial script out there ? Thanks 
So I have also ran into this problem . I have found a solution ( it ' s terrible , be warned ! ) Open Unity and load your solution in MonoDevelop 4.0.1 ( older version you can set the target framework more easily ) Navigate to your project directory and open " Assembly - CSharp - vs " in notepad . Change the line " TargetFrameworkVersion " v3 . 5 to " TargetFrameworkVersion " v4 . 0 You will have to do these steps every time you load Unity ( blah ) but it does work . 
@acidzombie24: My pleasure! :)
also check out the project at codeplex which is a tutorial of sorts on parallelization using .net among other things:
like sample1, sample2 so I can play the music like FILE_PATH format is FILE_PATH how to get that music name?? )
Excellent question . Running a large project in successive version of Python wouldn ' t be very definitive , unless you had , say , unit tests that magically achieved 100 % code coverage , so a tool this would be nice to have . 
That ' s what I ' m going for , I think . If you could help with the code , I ' d be thrilled ! 
Don't. Use a CSS declaration instead.
When we have a cluster of machines behind a load balancer (lb), generally hardware load balancer have persistent connections, Now when we need to deploy some update on all machines (rolling update), the way to do is by bringing one machine Out of rotation, looks for no request sent to that server via lb. When the app reached no request state then update manually. With 70-80 servers in picture this becomes very painful. Can someone have a better way of doing it.
I'm not very sure if this is what would help you, but you could try
Most of the time I ' d simply add a . txt file to the solution or abuse comments to do it . However , if you use the scratch pad to store todo lists et cetera you can use TODO : in your comments and visual studio will add them to the built in todo list . 
I lied. The problem is back with a vengeance... 4009 errors in 229 files. This is ridiculous! VS2013, Resharper 8.0.2.
I build Web service, I define IP connection (all works excellent) but, how I can define the IP in variable ? now, I change with the Find and replace in VS2008 and right click on the Web service properties. thank's in advance
Hey Piper, I saw you posting a lot of `git` questions tonight (which is completely fine!) but just wanted to make sure you were aware of http://gitready.com and the Git Community Book: http://book.git-scm.com/ which might help you with some of your questions. The community book even has some screencasts in it. Again, feel free to ask questions here... just wanted to pass that along to you.
The question on how to check input for validity is answered numerous times ! You just check whether the stream is in a good state . If not , you ' ll reset the stream and ignore the character . Search for question where this answered . Also , don ' t use exceptions for non - exceptional cases and * always * throw something derived from ` std : : exception ` : once you have tried to locate where an exception came from which isn ' t derived from ` std : : exception ` in a program with a few million lines of code you ' ll find it extremely helpful to look at what ` what ( ) ` returns ! 
Excellent answer below. Would be great if you could mark one as accepted.
Restoring splitter distances has given me a lot of grief too. I have found that restoring them from my user settings in the form (or user control) Load event gave much better results than using the constructor. Trying to do it in the constructor gave me all sorts of weird behaviour.
You might also want to look at an API like Netty, which I believe saves you from having to write logic to re-construct messages.
I would not go the gdi route... Have you considered using wpf?
Is there a way to call out from a TSQL stored procedure or function to a webservice?
Absolutely terrible!!! It is not Dependecy Injection
I would use pure ruby (Matz Ruby Interpreter (MRI)) to start off. My understanding is that iron ruby is not quite ready yet. If you are looking for a good book my current favorite (over pickaxe) is by matz and flanagan, the book is very concise well written paragraphs and they provide great examples (in 1.8.* and 1.9) Enjoy! :D
simply the best i very rarely write reviews. even more rare is when i like an app enough to buy it. this app deserves both. i have  seriously  tried most music players for the android and this one has everything i need. audio engine is tops  start and stop via headphone jack  great album art download. lots of other programs have these things but either lack in these or other features. i especially like the simple issue of bass and treble control. price a little high  that was the only thing holding me back from buying it sooner. was thinking of giving it 4 stars because of price but; what the heck- i gave it five.
There are many libraries that make cross-platform development easier on their own, but making a complete wrapper for all platforms ends up being either small and highly customized, or massive and completely ridiculous. Carried to it's logical conclusion, a complete wrapper for all aspects of an operating system becomes an entire virtual runtime. You might as well make your own programming language.
IMHO multi - core processors are still so rare , and threading is such a horrible and hairy and dangerous place to go , that you ' re just better off sticking to one thread . 
@BoristheSpider :( :( That is really sad. :(
Heroku is an excellent (free) option: Also, deploying to Heroku is as easy as it gets!
Can you show us your html and css? Fyi... styling select boxes is terribly difficult!
Yeah, I didn't know about the non-greedy thing either! Is there a site that explains each modifier?
I HATE SKYPE!!!
If you disable the shift - key for opening the database , the user should not be able to change your settings . Note that it is possible to lock you yourself out of the db this way . See also : If proctecting your data is critical , you may need t look at a database other than Access , with Access , you can protect from accidental tampering , but really malicious tampering will get through . 
If you are concerned about code re - ordering you are either creating some funky and hard to understand and maintain code , or else you probably don ' t need to worry about it . Can you explain why you think the code snippet you supplied will be reordered ? 